[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
now let us look at the reason for designing response the site or one that

looks good on the mobile and whether you choose to design a website first for a mobile or first for a for

a laptop. so what do we mean by response of the design.

what used to happen is that like in the politics. whenever you end up you had to draw something

or an artist had to pay something that would be like a fixed size of canvas and then you could

you could paint something on it. and so it's so that was easy because you

you at least knew that to what the where you painting or drawing was on the specific specific

piece of the specific size of canvas or a specific that piece of paper on

which you were driving. but what happens if the canvas changes

you can choose to change the size of the canvas or the size of the paper that is exactly what's happening with

with with the web browsing right now because when you have when you had designing

something on on your laptop at home. and that that screen

might be different from from the laptop screen size of also another user or somebody might have a large

desktop screen or the use it might choose to browse the website on the mobile

or tablet. you know in that case. how do you ensure that you know

your website. looks good in different browsers and in

different other sizes. so. so that's what's happening you have all of these various sizes

of us that your brother is changing with the devices. so

it's in market who came up with this term response to design. wrote that the control which designers know the print medium

and also designed of beginning it is simply a function of the limitation imitation of the printed page. we should

embrace the fact that it it doesn't have the same constraints and we should be able to design for the six ability.

so. so think also do some web search

and and discuss how would you describe the response of the design and what

skills you think are required to make a responsive website so think also one of the skills that you would need to

learn you know to make a website responsive. 's and also it would be in

the way in which you had many plates here. your CSS and I know there

are ready ready made templates and solutions as well which help you with that.

budget sponsor websites more easily. and one of the things out

to think of is that do you think it's better to design for a desktop or that that is in

the traditional design so whenever you build a website. you use a computer and find.

but you know people say that and maybe it might it maybe

better to design for for a mobile device out the first and that could be because

when you when you verify far for a test for a mobile. you have a very little space.

so you're going from my name many of the space. if you put

in front of you like my name is face to work with and then you increasing as as go.

so in which case this really forces you to think off letter is really necessary. but as when you're

designing for that for that after the first and then you're trying to cut down as to what can stand on on the

mobile side. so so that is that that is in the traditional way but so

some people say that when you focus on mobile first. then then you actually should focus on the key content

and it has make your website much for on the on the point of view

of the goals of the website and the usability of the website from the for the end user.

so so that's going mobile for us in response to the design you would go from here.

you know laptop with they just to a tablet and then to mobile mobile

for us to think of your mobile and then a tablet

and then I just

