[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so now that we have looked at web development tools so let us look at H two most five.

they seem us I was a new standard job for a for a steam of recent hypertext markup

language and the things that would send you a stable elements and attributes. but we'll see if the three

things like video and audio and graphics and update has a local storage and SQL

database so it has it is a big improvement over previous versions of esteem

and there are lots of tutorials that that you can see for esteem a five cent

tax. so early and there's a website called Linda .com Richardson.

changed Arlington. learning now. so you could go to that site and you could have

antihistamines e-mail and some of the user ID and password in the next prompt and you could find tutorials

on a statement and the design over there. otherwise that the resources and have the three schools and lots

of other resources as well and text books also on on this team.

so let us look at some examples for instance up

earlier we wrote some a little bit of code Texas and example code on

it. on North at plus plus. so as soon as you save it as an HMO do you see the

color coding that happens and maybe when you're close this file.

when you to register then you get an estimate a document and then you can open

to try to see if this is that it's a fun see anything any kind of over here.

so that's the simple HMO that editing any or not but

there's also a very nice cool tool called &quot; fender. are you. when you go there.

's right now I'm already logged into court fan but you can now. creation calling to over here.

so what quit for now that I would does that it will give you like a screen

like this. what you what I have on one side there is a shambles and then there is

the CSS and then there is you have a script. so here

when you see the other example code that we had earlier from

on the but trust us so we can we can take this

the same code here. okay. and

then we we can go to your

and can to go to a quote for that I just wanna be said you would

and what movie is going to read.

so so so when you do this right. you can you can add

your via text e-mail you can add CSS on the on the on the one side. so so it is it is

up. it's it's a nice little way to to play around with with code

and you can go and try out any tutorials the unleashed of this week.

this is know you have a thing introduction fish demos and then

various elements of HMOs which is a paragraph heading one and three.

and how you can nest one element. the other and their attributes

where you define something at this year you have the anchor element for the info Link. this is

an attribute where you have a traffic has a certain value here.

image of the source this is an attribute for the image tag. and then you have the heading

of various types of headings which should find is H one is two eight three so and then you

have. paragraph tag you can go through all of these

and you you have your image tag and then you have the source of the image. it's

always a good idea to give all text because it helps next ability and you should also

though you know specify an attribute for opening. you're at image major

in a new tab.

so this is the source here in the images link

the direct sales contract. and then you have HD of blocks

which is four Fire Defense. they will give you a block level element.

and then you have in-line element. that's fine. so

you can try out to you can fast finish. it's Jim to Charles either individual schools or any of the other resources

that we have today

so that's all. I went to college today. it looked at the importance of audience

design considerations and video website some examples of good and bad website. web development

tools. there's a there's a full stack development which includes back and so that we don't

come back in in the status we are concerned about client side of the front end development and

shamus life. thank you

