[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so we're talking about audience and design considerations and stuff and starting to build a website. so

that up. this is a good chart on different levels of web design.

so here when you have the when you talk what do youse experience.

you can look at a website or web. any any other way went web as a

as a software interface. or you can look at it it is one from from a call from

a content perspective as I have a system. so then

immediately is to it. when you starting to build a website one of the first things to think about is

is one of the object of the website. so is it a business subject you what if creative objective or they intended

to do that for the site and then talk about usaa needs so usaa

needs it could be need to come from outside and that you can do through you the research three interviews to

through a photography and so on and beyond that

there are there are two spots to depending on where you're looking looking from and it moves from last

check more concrete as as they move up on the top. and also from work from concepts.

and also from the time a project is conceived to the time that it is completed.

so from a from a software perspective you you'll think of functional

specifications are the future says that you need to on the website detailed description of the functionality that

a site must include you know to to meet you the needs. but until you also have to

talk about what content that needs to go so [INAUDIBLE] features based on

the on the interview one of the part one of the things that are you this is really one to have on the website so

that is a part which which kind of goes a little over here and you talk about

information architecture how the site that the site will be structured you know how how many items

will you please how they be named and labeled. and talk about the interaction how they used to

interact with different parts of the website. whether we make the introductions like small animations

that which are useful. nice to have this information design is

designing the presentation of the information to facilitate an understanding and in that you

can you also have the navigation but how we do however without the navigation

work from one one fish or the other. that's part of the information sure as well. and then you talk about

interface to feel design the design of interface elements of us to do the inspection functionality.

and then once those those pieces come in then you have

considered it. do you think about the look and feel on the treatment of different parts of the

of the website. so in any design website design

you do have to think of usaa needs subject to the site. what was the content of each side day.

architecture and the structure and looking for. so these are all the different phases and and

just talking to you than he tend to move up with as much progress into the further into

it and the web design and then into it. development

and then when you think of web design we have to think

of a few adjectives site that you are designing must be must be useful.

that usefulness. this is a very important for sure because even if something 's really nice looking into

the great up and see if it's not a useful to you then chances are that you may not

go to the roof that even if the purpose of entertainment that is also a purpose a test to be

useful to you in some way and when you talk also think of usability down

here. use a few this is a frame consent must be easy to use any mess to make intuitive sense

when you use the website. have any say find a bill which means that you must be able to find the

information on the website. easily. and it must be accessible six message

and meet the needs of people with disabilities and

and which is which you which can be more than minimum sentence of the population so

you really wanna make sure that that site is is accessible

to to all the audiences and when you when you meet the needs of of of

people that have a different kinds of this of this is he also means I need to also a lot of other people as well.

and you saw the one of the things that have been selected on now that the idea of

of universal design seven eight. your business site for universal design websites will

work for a lot of people and test site must be desired this is

the content that that you that you have is is it something that you appreciate it must

be valuable and likely to be looked at examples of of

good websites recommended barely for teaching and learning that is a I think those examples of

valuable content for for a lot of people and especially in any context and a size must

be credible. so when you seek the credit rating means that whether the user will believe

what's in there on the website or not. and there is this so this project called to Stanford

web credibility research and they have been looking at a lot of these questions

as to what causes people to believe is not a believer defined and developed what's trying to use the use of the employee

and any of our incredible that you want and services and design factors and how they

and assessment strategies and so so there is lot of these these questions

and then you can look at these of safer for the resources if you're interested in looking at the credibility

part of also been designing websites

no I'm not one of the important topics out for today's lecture is

this idea about building persona and what person gives

you that it gives you some sort of a carry case you or any imagine

person that you think is it is a typical audience rather than saying that

my audience this a student or undergrad students of grad students in this case

you can actually really does much deeper and and look at what this person

might mean you so you you basically have

rather than having one size with all you have till its contents to six segments of people in person

that's I think your target audience and individual some people. so let's look at some websites

here. so when you look at the Simmons website. here you have

the stab on top information for the specified magenta graduates cutting student and asked the student veterans

and so on. so that for you can you can go on to. so if you're

a current student and then you you'll get a different look for the website.

and this is the New York public library so here when you go to the same books music

and movies. there you

have a new arrival which is such a which I just calling to schedule children or young adults.

so

so your user group in this case could be different people it could be people who

are male or female or transgender or single parents are looking graduate students

a PhD candidate. my sisters and so on. so what's up

soon as Joe is that they give you a detailed description. two one. representatives of person

from each segment of site visitors and so you're into things like name demographics

age and occupation so on and you think of what their needs might might be

one of the biggest problem of the day trying to solve the need most. what information I didn't typically

searching for and then you develop behavior based

profiles based based on the personnel. so what do they do on line I was active

on Twitter for you. bye-bye the social networks are kinda systems of the use. what kind of information to the sentencing

online. what part of the name of the fat with the design the most time researching for the user.

so this is our health personals looks like

you will have typically you'll have a picture of a person sometimes they don't and then you'd have some description like

a little bio if the person in your things like age and country for vision.

I'm in the status language skills education and so on one of the services he was with those in a business

person. what what kind of technology and experience a person might have

some goals and task in relation to the website for this user user

is in the beginning or intermediate or expert in using the face and then you can have other users.

person of the father you as well see if it creates more than one person else goes. target audience.

so here. this is from usable that you know to call you have some other description

some more detailed description of the other person other person is has the creator lab and really see the

presentations of killing segments. and Joe they express and focus

on a major need the next petition the most important news groups and devoid of a clear picture of user expectations

and they're not the benefits of using the person of it will really

ensure that you understand the audience will because of spend some time trying to bed of some

sort of in a major person out of your audience and in terms

of how I mean best practice and develop a persona. so in that can kinda treat you the research answer

the following questions. who are users and by the using the system. what behaviors of the ocean expectations for

that if you have the system and then there are other things that you have to convince the recession obtaining

some refine and try to make a person as realistic as possible. so there

are examples of questions. defined up a reservation of the size initially what's up over there

go to the website and then decide to use with the agent the change of high seven education

profession experienced technical experience. motivation of the user so in a personality

thing to do things like that. the group like for example a web manager or a student or faculty of

seven so. professional name job title demographic wasn't physical

social and technological environment. some quote that sums of what matters most most of the person in some cases

pictures and they can be of any ads in different ways. they had some examples of person.

giving kids and demographics those environments

and apart from this. also some other technique send you the research submitted

subsidy of those will look at some of these in the future we can talk about things like I'll talk

to him anytime anything because some information architecture. so you can do focus groups here is a graduation

individual interviews. these are all the different ways in which you signed to get to know more about

your user name

