[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so in this session. we have a few objectives. one is to define the primary

audience for your website. and also learn to create a persona and

also to start getting familiar with a stream of five. let's look at the first

part which is defined in your audience. now when you think of the website.

the first question that have to ask yourself is who is a website for

when it when in the context of library think for the to the library stuff with the five patrons are you this is

it for the Dodge community. so trying to have a good crop of your audience

is the frame importance. so you can think of the audience as the foundation element for everything

you decide in your website. so it could be English language speakers or it could be children

and teens or it could be people without English as a as a second language

this is because of father language the native languages. so you

cannot really serve everyone but the good part about knowing your audience and building about sci-fi

audience is that if you build a website for the audience and chances are that the

other people in the paper he would also be well. and then

when you think of fun usaa needs I know this is a cartoon that is. this

is an image which is this is showing quite often so here you have things on the front

page of the university website. and is I don't not really the things that you know people need to

say students you might want to know the address of the campus or how to visit a faculty

member and job application forms and so on but you often get marketing information

on the website so this might be good for prospective students and this might be good for

students that are currently there in the university so that different needs that based depending on who the audience is for the website

they might need to complete different websites for this or have a tab and on top

or you can select. if you select that you go to visit and then you go to this one and this is Nick. I mean tennis.

a current student and you see this website. so

there is a quote my paycheck to an urgent my name 's library web web ecology which

is what you need to know as web design coordinator and she says that the

web librarian assistant librarian may be in charge of maintaining the website updating webpages

and it had to certain standards. but it tends not to be in charge of the content of the website.

the content here is monitored by my library departments often times without

disclosing the direction of content of the department. so then you need a person who is the web coordinator

who can work with this is some stuff they'd instruction the rest of the library to creative side that is go ahead seven structure

and content. so trying to know what content of it is

it really depends upon the understanding also who the audience is

let's look at a few design considerations in this regard. and

the first is that when you look at websites where there are lots of websites out there and

some of them are examples of of good websites and some of them are examples of

bad websites. so here

this is one example here which is the Shepherd memory library. now

as you can see that this like this is very busy and and here you see that that just

too many times. so for someone coming over here. really really is like has this too

much to see at at one time so. so so that's just an example of a website

which is a web. bad website. and this is up an example the fun of the website

which is off the just in public library which is again a website which looks very very dated.

this looks like website from the nineties that right now and then

there are examples of of some good websites out there. this is the Marin

county free library and and this is you can see you this is quite neat and here you have

tabs for a different audience for kids fourteen and depending on who

who the audience is you get like a different pages so this is the fifth page for the kids and you go to

story of the events and so on and then you have a different up for the team so here

in this case it is like the into the age of the audience when we talked about two

different audiences. I was here

and this again is a website of the Boston public library. so. so

here you have again now. this is about slavery and then you have books and more.

so you can select books out. my format over here as to what what format are you looking

for. and then you have services audience. so if this is a good deal to find out

and so you can English and we learn is on for another job seekers could see any scenes

and use of the disabilities so again when you have depending on you know

and who you again you for users with disabilities you get taxable resources and services.

so so that's that's an example of again a good website which is better at using their audience.

you didn't mind. this is an example of a website

which is of the phoenix public library here again you have webpages for kids.

's fourteen so it is in the Peace Corps services for you.

so just off the top part here's a little busy because you cannot see my account over here but otherwise

the south side of it is fine too. and and here you DVDs

deeds to give you an overview of all the services they provide and so the events that that that happening. and clicking

on that will take you to provide you like taking them also will provide you more information

on on on each of these this box that here.

so when you think of hot hot evaluation every websites out whether

they are good or bad or not so good so there are some there's a criteria called

the crop test and Sherry. calling to this test you have a few

things you can us and I reverse a currency for relevance for authority

for accuracy and for purpose

sort look at this website here. so

it's here there are some examples is the first one is that

these are some supposed websites. this is this is the first. site

and what they have done is that they have provided an evaluation of this currency services

looking at the foot of the details of the site was created in nineteen ninety eight and updated and made me

of twenty fifteen. so that there there is something they should be some information on the switch over here. you

created and have been updated. so this is not twenty fifteen updated.

twenty nineteen here. and then the relevance audience appears to be. Ed is interested

in preserving endangered species in the presence of an online store selling version give the parents and organization.

the content is relevant or not again. you can try to get some information about that we're looking at a website

and authority to decide how to do someone named Larry Sabato whose name links

to personal website regarding issues such as the side is not associated in school education organization

that authority partake in one of those that information should be there somewhere else or look up

to the website. you see uh there this is the

information of the author and then actually received so then this is most of the sauces

on the subject back to the else's blog and many others in the Internet .net .org. your comments has returned

the same tone of this and the finest opposite.

calling to ask if you did if that exists interesting because of this is just an example

based on this website. there's another example here. again now

that this user slash so slash is again it's not a good idea to include

fashion aside because a lot of roses and I was discouraged you from having fashion.

but again you can evaluate this website or other websites as well based on on

the same criteria that we have of the the CRV for

currency relevance authority accuracy and purpose and examples of other websites here

this is kind of it as well.

so there is a listing of good websites for for

teaching and learning by. the look at some of those.

so so different websites by years. website says it is.

so this is the one on the truck twenty nineteen websites for teaching and learning.

so it has a few sites like this it has anchor which is that it makes it

easy to create high quality part cost of the free and easy to use creation tools

so this is this is tools for making what costs us. 's for

for teaching and learning purposes. and then there is something that others also so upset

so he is for instance is seven. brush ninja it's a free at symbol application

or making any messages just to hear if they have it and and update

here and then there are lots of presents here and do the deal is also

a different purpose and down and teaching and learning.

so is there other examples of of usable ivory website

and it is that a few of them that that design job from a usability point of view. when you receive

usability which means it's easy to use and he says that the users needs up in various

ways and we'll talk more about usability and fish lectures

but here so this is one example of that with your college. what

the library hundred. I really like this website. it is very clean and and it has exactly and I comes

over here and and you click on the menu then you then you get more details

and there's a small seven sizes visit a plan deposit and you you get it

has the feel of the library so this will be many visiting the library gives you has this visiting that

the physical every. so that it seems like an extension of the physical space

and here you have the day I was just a fairly and then this is the contact information.

there's not too much text to see it at one go over here. so this is one

good library website and then there are others which are different and

they they Garfield County libraries of this. so so sensitive. usable

that you'll every website which has again now. if you have a spare minute structures

and this is the son is at Montana state your new slavery system has more information

or then the other ones which is still has a fear such far over here and then eat healthy

I was in all the steps and so it's been so many of the accident and is that

it is I can provide you those different services and options that you have is a user

and this is a website of the queen 's a public library I can eat it talks about stuff

and programs and services that you have just a different people different audiences

over here.

