[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so we are now looking at the difference between test and production site. now there are various

terms that are used for the solos are there. when you are looking at the website. so that is of

a production Web server. the development Web server whether the testing web seventh of the terms that are used

differently. and here you have the person was I was working on the designing

and building the website and then there there site pages and any graphics files that

are stored on the website. so let's look at the difference between these various kinds

of service.

so one is the production Web server so there's a type of Web server that most design is or something do it.

so this is a server that hosts webpages and content that is ready for. hope for protection you know that was

the content production. so. Web servers live on the Internet. what is ready to be delivered to the Internet

so so that's mostly what do you have in a small company and the production of seven is what you have you worth a look at computer and

then you use a hefty people. program next race exemplifies allowed to transfer your files from a local

computer onto the website about the production Web server. look for something like this design

a business I kinda look the machine designed to test the size of the local machine in the design of the sites.

size two ahead in director and production server for more testing and then Apple designs and moved to Lebanon in eighty

of those websites. so that's there. and then sometimes you introduce something called the testing

server. that's a useful addition because they provide you with the way to test new pages and designs and the Web server

that is not visible to cook to customize lender calm but it is also because when you when you are trying

to test within the in the production so what that is they you might have thousands of uses a hundreds

of euros that are connecting to this to the space so you don't want to introduce testing

pages out on this to the solar because if something goes wrong then your life ages might get affected. so it is

a good idea to have a separate machine for machine for testing at that stage so

they would typically have some sort of version control set up as well. so any changes can be it can be recorded.

so then what you would you do like the design a business eyes locally test locally just like what you did

in the first case. and then the design the develop up those changes for the testing so to test any elements

so this is the back which you're not talking about so much in this class that you have to reach me

so I was faced with a and all that is part of the back and and so I feel designs and then

moved to the production server. and then what you have is

a third category is that what you might have of them do. developments over. so this is

the same like the other the other service except that this is the use in the case of logic

on the step size and and and that application. so what do you do in this case is that you

designers work on the designs and the local machines and then you might have the developers writing some scripts and programs on

to the developments of. and then once you again you would have some

sort of version control system for different people to to work in the sober and then the call it in the design.

they'll do the mood for testing on to the testing so and what is approved and is ready to go

live now. the most of the production so and then decide that new addition to the side

that goes. life so. so then that other kind of so it was calling in so stating so I know

and so on but I just wanted to introduce to you without some basic services

up there. so I do minimum you would have the testing so I mean I may not be there

in a lot of cases that you would have some place for development and then it could be

developments tax testing as well it could be one seven for that and then you would have us have a fall production

so it's a good idea Tracy separate. this is Texas so it was as well as I was looking machine that you're doing

most of your design work

