[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
let us know look at web development tools because in an understanding of two this is really important

as it starts moving to a sad ending esteem and see us as JavaScript and so on.

so that there is like an entire list of tools but

you need a few of them to pick for your project in first and foremost you need

to understand what a stimulus. and what mockup damages are the

current version is the stream is five and do you need to have a good process. shtml

then later on we'll be talking about how do you separate your content and you're standing in presentation.

so by the content is taken care of a steam CS this is which is cascading

style sheets out. take care of the presentation as well I'll see positioning for

them and so on your webpages. and then to add behavior in

your pages and you have to have done to make components for example when you take the mouse over such

an image send up you have some text that appears that they make changes. stuff like that. and

any other behaviors of the committee. there is a whole lot of things with JavaScript can do. so

that you need to learn JavaScript and then there are editors

like out. like Dreamweaver Webster with someone and so on. we should give you like half

an interface for what you see is what you get which looks like Microsoft word but in the other side it's

easy. DAH the mercy of the quick version and then their extension

that you have like four or five forth as a web developer toolbar and then the

end of the schema validator five oh five a curriculum developer tools. so

like right now for instance I'm using chrome here. and when you go to.

you can go over here and you can click on more tools and developer tools

and he should be if you can see that lots of things about that. let's see. for this particular feature of

the time to get the speech and when you go to do more

to develop tools. you can see how this page would would look

on on a mobile screen. killed in the biggest console. and there are lots

of other things that you can do you can look at here. your CSA self esteem I know

for this code. so so that is that is

one one way to look at it other things as well in chrome that when you go from

extension.

and you have any you when you say when you search for

web development. and you have lots of these different kinds of extensions for web development tool

bar mobile responses. 's eye tracker and then other things for web design

so okay so so depending on the pros are you at your

shoes and you'll be able to find developer tools to help you. so that will help

you determine different site process of websites out quite easily and even when we look

at the web development tool bar.

idea to do it if it was here and as a select out certain parts of the websites

you'll be able to to see that what is being selected

so there is a whole lot of things you can see here that is what what

are the things that is one of the different types of files which are which part of that how much

is enough memory and if you use and and one of the different elements of the nearest aim

of this is a different. just you know five six five nine six. when you when you select something.

if you can see what what would be connected at that point. well fortified

different elements and you can open and forth and and find out more over here

and you're if you're you you also have the association CSS direction

side

and then you need to have a text editor does things for which they could do something to write your code

on if you're using windows. the north west Chester 's the greatest teacher and then some active

text at it and then another just because like sublime brackets that's in composer of ten and so on.

so that if you look at

it for test.

whenever you you type any code rates are not fair test test will will will color code

the code for you for example if you just because as

of the three schools .com. and

when we go to the digit haste image return here then you take any

of any code and then you take it to you or not but plus plus like right now

it doesn't know what kind of file as input and testing of the save it as

as an additional five

today she came up when you save that that automatically think the color coding is

that is applied to the side to see that these these tax to get

to turn into blue and then you can open and close and it's about

and then you also need something for image editing like James is a good day image editor that fun of you for

the shop. so it should have an example of chance.

Jim is opening right now and we can see that it provides us some functionalities.

you know the two traded images so it's quite a quite a show but it's but it's

free and open source

yes here you can open any image and

if you can take any

and then you can open here in the

you can open the image and then you can apply various so it to it you can you can go

here and then you can you can crop the image if they decide manner.

and if it applies out various kinds of photos

do it like you can do. can it. and so on. so since

that's quite nice in terms of management information. so you do need to get

to be familiar with with these various kinds of tools

and now let's look at some languages and tools for web development that are out there.

so that when you when you want to become a web developer that are a few things to learn

this has made me not going to cover all of this and this course but it it just gives you know if

you give a overview of one of the biggest kinds of things that are there any anything cup of development.

so here you have an introduction so if you how to get started will be able to find a few

concepts have any forth and you have languages that had a there. and then understand

how to manage data and then you have various kinds of frameworks for web developers and utilities

and managing your Ford through bush and control. how does how how do you deploy a quote

and what tools will help you maximize the schedule. so you have a lot of bees and when you go to the

introduction but here. so wanted to talk about

core competencies like language the data some intermediate skills and some soft kids out there that you

need. and so and it has a glossary

of various ten zeros what what front-end you. means you know that's the one thing is that on

the call for the stack when you say full stack supposed to do it for the developer who can program both in applications

front-end and it's back and see when you're taking else up but that's the design and development so in

this course we're talking about. front stack of the clients I develop and basically we don't

talk so much about we don't go into the service I didn't discourse

and it's also the SUVs with the EPA the east of the various terms that exchange over here

and then their their website but it is just to let you that you have

then next it goes into the two languages.

JavaScript is is one language. there are other strips that I was like they picked must have

been ordered his libraries like this is your inquiry which is a good chunk of debris will

be covering that in the course as well and then pH fees will be

in lots of other languages that with you there. so you can go through this it it has

a good listing of all the various technologies. then their database

options for web development and then SQL the SQL

anyway standard data and then there that are frameworks

which can you can should have been in the deployment and and development of large website

which especially have a lot to be able to come point. so there is a front for front-end

there is to react as a framework that you judge he is. thank you later.

you know that I did send it back to us back and famous as well

and that a different platform. so that there is a lots in this article then we would not

be covering all the all the stuff in discourse but I just wanted you to know that

that's it. if you said it's a one stop me hey miss if you wanted to learn more and more. you know that one of

the things out there so that was that article is from twenty and eighteen this is from twenty nineteen. again this

is also to choose if a friend and her back and and foreknowledge essential front-end and then there are other

party. and then based on your path again it it lists you. various kinds

of skills that would be helpful to know to know about what they should give you work hard to

get help books and so on the front end again

it talks about you for a shame that you need to learn the basics and

then you need to learn the if the semantics of esteem you didn't talk about

search engine optimization ability and then he talked about for CSS

you need to learn the basics of CSS and then making layouts media queries us at

making webpages responses and then for ways in which to position the

elements and you know any webpages. so let's see if there's a great text books and so on and then

now some basics of Java JavaScript test shows that is syntax and how to manipulate

the document object model. so and this course actually will be covering this

much we want to go into a lot of other things which in on this website.

and then there is a twenty twenty web developer roadmap as well and and this is

something selected to the previous link again. it has things that you need to need to learn

for front and back and and so on. so that so the images he

I just think of

so that's the idea of of showing you these

pages this is just to let you know that there is is a lot out there that you that

you can learn and if you can take the next for for somebody to really muster a lot of of it. so that it's

it's kind of a learning journey the mall website. your veggies a bit of it you get overtime. but from the

point of view of the class. these are some of the some useful tools

that you have and you tried any five one or two tools in each of these categories to help you end

up in the front and web development and the design process

