[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so in this part of the lecture will talk about the importance of information architecture and what the process of creating

your information architecture and what life free means. so I

think of information architecture. this is a term that is there in the in the course of title

as well. web development and information architecture so it is a key part of the key concept

in the course. so we do find information architecture of the art and science of organizing and labeling

websites and intranets online communities and software to support usability. so it's not just

limited to websites you can apply it be apply to a lot of other things. but it's ideal of basically how to

organize the content that you have and how to label it what tunes you want to use. so it

includes up drawing boxes to demonstrate site organization and enabling

and making wire frames your blueprints up for additional design. so it might also include

producing a taxonomy hello we are specifying of organizing the content. Hope

Condon products on the site should be classified or the prototype illustrating how the information

should change in the screen at the usaa progress is for that hospital when the user clicks and one thing one side we

should have and which feature they use and I'll reach it and so on. so it was going to

consciously organized in the continent flew off the website. based on some principles that can

be educated that have been derived through evidence gathering

information architecture can be thought of as as if all kinds of systems systems for organizing

your content and systems. when you think of organizing you were talking about

how we categorize information for example life subject all back technology. let's

look at some examples leave this on my personal website. so here.

this was an older website of mine. this is posted in

and they're sending us just teklab using this

for choosing what press and I just modify the team over there so here

I was thinking the most money of creating the architecture for his website

I first thought of one of the key ones that I want to highlight so in the life of profit so you have

a teaching recession service. so the teaching part of the more internal because you you have students

that that she would take it for the vehicle that is used to teach from an external fantasy of

thing. your research and publications moth confusing because you might collaborate with other people

in your research. so here I listed my research interests and presentations and any transcribers

as the bus and then your publications is important to reference to to put it up. again the

side because you want other people to save your research. so I put text media. the first session

of my publications and then you have a teaching area. plus you so you have a research publication

the teaching the fun part in your service this is all the necessary this is cool college profession accomplishment.

and so on and then I also thought that if the accountant could be of any recent time as us a

call the time line. so from growing up to school and university industry

working. give me a PhD and then working on some of the process is all that was organized

as the timeline and then put other topics which I thought the more the more about my thoughts in terms of

what happened seems to me how do I define identity myself my possums and other calls that I

care about and then I also created a section called creativity in Michigan I thought with

a separate thing in which includes things like painting different types of painting.

so many other media mediums that have tried either about it but and so on. um some writing

poems and other things that I've done the cross culture. blah blah and

then I was just created a section on places that I visited or lived in and

and the travel I travel I was in sitemap so. so this is one way of organizing I mean I think

a timeline of any other way places organizing my creativity and then something this is based and they

made the work that I do and later when I rebuilt a website

so the sub sites before some of it was not responsive we do not adapt with the different screen so a different

one. and this is the bill sometime in in twenty seventeen eighteen. and

here. I wanted to have a few categories and the one that I have over here. so the basic categories

here about which has some description about me and it has a contact page.

some contact information. and then it has

this one has I didn't have a great separate research one. this is your interest kind of thing over here so

I didn't have a separate publications like I publications that I call it research. so

so this is publications and then under that I had to research interests listed as a subcategory

within that time. I called in refrigerator publications and articles and conference proceedings

and X-rated abstract thank you with something like that that I could do for their opening with links to full text

and then under more I put service and teaching and then I put some of my other

other things are trying to creativity over here. so I put them directly as a link so.

painting happens and creativity because I try to from from the sections that I had which is about from

one end and then also. try to distill two or three categories that you really care about the most.

so I put them here and then I still have time in in places. the two parts that

I had here this time. and thank cases and then I had a section

called. this is out. two different ways of trying to organize content which is similar but

you just you still have to think carefully able with it. I called the three social with a college publications and so

on and why and how that might be important.

so. so when you think of information architecture of your systems for organizing information and then we have

systems for labeling for instance and receive the sleeve. do we label it maple

which is what what most people call it or do you use a scientific name so

for instance when you say scientific name for maples and then we have the

ten to do call at eight zero to the call. call. so that's one way of thinking about

organizing your contents. and then also how do we need to create navigation

systems the whole me browser. I'll moved through information for example clicking through the hierarchy

and also searching system. so for instance and moved and you have a nice search which is often

easier than navigating because if you do not know where very particular assignment the site so you can go to

move then you can click on on a magnifying glass and it ` you know

that you've you get the. the search functionality and you can get to any content easier. so

for example again some of any such information. eggs getting in touch with you again soon. and index

all of these can be considered as part of the information architecture that way we always a content and we

label. different parts of the website and then now how to navigate from one part of the website

or the other and how do you allow the user to search for for information. three website.

so when we when we say without talking information out to Texas again you have the same time 's classification

hierarchy that's amazing that's one thought here. I'm labeling and tagging content and navigation

we are finding and searching. that's information architecture or which is the first for short.

so it connects people to the content that they looking for. it also helps people who create and maintain content

to do the job easier and provides and it links contact other content to make it more usable and easy to find

slinking one patiently other for instance links to content out to other people

and the people to other people and to even to the conversation and the content of people

looking for could be text images video the whole documents. so here

that there were people like have different information activation different refund.

when the definition 's data. Louis Rosenfeld and Peter Morvillo who's assigned to have

the three circles of information architecture as content context and users.

and when you think off the intersection of these concerns that you can return

does have information after picture. so the way society is organized

name is nothing to show sitemap can make a break. 's success. it's important to work out an information I'd

appreciate your time. early the development of the website. so we can set the flu also have information

's going to so and how the use of the navigator for the website. so it's for getting all the

information architecture would require you to map out there you left off to individual pages whenever you use

it as trying to perform a certain time in terms from a use case scenario which webpage does it link

that each of the stars cling to and that is very that's how you can design the flow

of the users flow through the website. so

each page must do two things one is Heather you that accomplished. once to speak to us

and also make the next page is interesting so that's one thing that you must think about it and when you're designing the flow of

information. three website. so.

information architecture has these areas affected you this context and content. so when

you when you talk what do you as as you think about who they are what information seeking behaviors are what they needs are.

so so that you'll developed person I was I just do stuff than that says usability testing into

it. graphic studies and and have detail you can refuse any and you document the user and get

that experience requirements. and again to think also the content

you think of things like uh volume of the content of formats the metadata structure organization

and you look at the this site architecture writing content management

navigation labeling those are some of the consent the news all overlapping concerns or anything close out

these uh do you mean I've been testing and things you know existing to all the time so they could

any of these cruel overlap with each other like to be something 's over here if you can you use in contact with you that

content between content and context to context is defined of the skills enroll.

if any business needs project management project scope and definition doesn't not assist.

so this is a simplistic definition of context contacts and basically the whole story

of the reason reasons behind why you that would come to a website and navigate

to all use a particular content in my case.

when doing my PhD research. I started looking at this term context actually ended up that

became a big part of my PhD and and in twenty seventeen actually wrote a book on

it and this came out in in twenty eighteen. this is a context and information

behavior seeker situation call surrounding and shared identities for the whole book is about

talking about. calling what context really means and you have an

research for let's say a figure on one of the elements of context.

so here you you what it what I found through my research

was that context could be defined in terms of seven unique attributes one is after all

the user himself or herself. themselves. and then you have the

environment. the user surrounded by sometimes correct with your problem situation

to the user is engaged and that's the test that you come up with anything golf.

when you come up with use cases. and then once the need for information that the actor requires

for that and he advise that light is a person go to the septic to the thoughts information which is we should be

the website you know if you what is the relationship of the user with that website is up. 's

are you familiar with it as it is the use of the for the first time in with the time and space to self interaction

between the user on the website. all of these would fall on the part of the context of the user interacting with

interacting with the website so here that are more figures over here. explain these in greater detail.

and the book was going into into more depth. talked about. take

some other things about more details about what environment means various variables going to

type of environment and census report of the information culture but different also means out

whether to talk with complex difficult in certain is it important to the user detergent and

how much of the user and what about the topic beforehand and was kind of at the moment

like to get the need on what information required. and

again things to do with the user that you were there three euros a graphical effects out habits

disability will demean and so on and then the website itself there the quality of his

State Farm for my daughter that in the relationship of fact of the website if you have concerts with a degree of similarity

and in the time interaction so. so that would be the context.

so also when you think of the accurate information architecture. we

are basically concerned about the use of the context as well as the content.

so there are some some studies which a lot of people have done when it when they tries

to design information architecture websites. this is an old example from a twenty eleven I think.

and let's take a look at IDs. so here you have

some information architecture of these the center for for Internet and

society at at Stanford so here. this is the proposed architecture

so what was proposed was to navigation links at one of the family navigation

is checking with the utility navigation so friendly navigation how things like focus. expose

events. project initiators publications and about this before the thirtieth for the center of

us are contacting public policy of fair use and copyright because of privacy and and robotics this is watch

the center focused on and do it experts by the name topic or focus

events and project initiated his publications about profile.

this is one of these terms of the family navigation for the center 's website and then they

also came up with something called utility navigation which had things like Richmond we should be useful for

people to pick right away things like blog multimedia contact us get involved in press

and this is an example that they gave what we has this is the main

architecture we have the about topics projects publications people events

and press and then you had your kitchen navigation on top home contact us at the media

and stuff. so that's an example. they had right on top and outside some questions about

non- places in the evening. living in different parts of the site. we recommended reliving programs and initiatives

as they find a current use of the ten program somewhat confusing. we live this project

and organization organization express again so by the request for proposal states

an expert should be I mean I've been in my topic of the focus represent your health focus doesn't give us some topic.

believe any business and they'll be confused by this name is this is the ten types of questions that you us when you're trying to design

the architecture and I'll get how do you do return label. academics and how did wave your face. calling

multimedia. I'll be posting different parts of the site and so those are the types

of questions that they have there and there is some more links here one yesterday

to this site 's map again else to your homepage and about. 's focus areas. experts

out of work how do that. news organized and and now

they also have a link one now. my project navigation

so that. so here they have again how how to navigate

different positive so when you click on something what what are the sub menus that that come up

and this is about carrying a different interviews

of people you know to try to decide and understand the user.

so they talk with people interviewed the purpose and audience the site. so they interviewed for people over here.

project lead to the director 's a fellow in a student and then they talk about what is the fourth

of that any sites always fun inside of the central purposes I do see some people about what we what we do.

I just stated that in different ways. you mentioned was sort of students journalism

dress decadence lawyers policymakers and so on and they talk to weaknesses in pain

points to it. number problems of the current website besides it and visually Clinton won't be as much character to hire

an important content problems together funded with a different shooting kinds of content so

double deck and it's confusing on intuitive and so on and strengthen items retain things

that are working well and then talked long more comments about from page and navigation. look and feel

and some competent as a model sites and how how they measure success in some recommendations

and then they had they had multiple of those men which they came up with so they had a pleasant thing

that case on another work that was there. they were charged twenty eight to twenty thousand dollars

for a different path how much time did require some information sites which they'd worked an idea

and how the customers interface where are they based in the proposal.

select proposals a different. if the people that they receive some of that. anyway between the

six to sixty thousand dollars a project estimates and then

another company which had any of them from twenty seven to two two forty two thousand dollars

and so on

