[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
no one of the things that we're doing in this class is that we are imagining you very much and you also

signed your team to be a web design company and you're you're taking on a website.

the requirements of building a website and then falling through the entire process of designing and building this

website. so you know today on time it's important that you understand the way

the project manager works and how we can imagine is project management instead of it

on time. so when you think of project management one of the first

questions or concern mind is that what is the project project

is both temporary and unique. what that means is that a project is a temporary end of

undertaking to produce a unique product or service when you say temporary means it has

a definite meaning definitely being in the beginning and end. when you see when you see

if unique me that it's a new unfamiliar new undertaking

with on the ground. so lot of the first things that you need to

do when you're thinking of project management is together requirements. so in this idea of got the

requirement. things could go horribly wrong if we're not careful about it. like for instance

how the custom expanded and how the project leader understood it all the analyst assigned it to how the program

wrote us all these could be very different and business consultant consultant could just grab it

in any great length in terms of having all these different features they could hardly be any documentation

and installation might might go wrong and the customer could be better.

as if it's a roller coaster and that could be how do you need support and the customer

maybe wanting something very different. so it's very important to have a common ground

and a common language between the customer and you so that you know the client and you so that you will get us understand

both of you are on the same page that is white. it is important to document requirement

so so that both of you understand what what you agreeing on

now when we see a project is that it's successful. there could be a few ways to

to think of it. one is that the customer requirements that I decide site or exceeded most

of the time exceeded. it is difficult to achieve because a lot of times it might have

by the time you you show something to the customer. the customer might might say that

if you might like it or not like it and and then come up with new requirements sometimes

that is a difficulty that could happen is the scope of the project by keeping cruising and you have to

have a mechanism to address that. so if so when I when I was doing my undergrad

in Singapore there was a time when the when I was doing my PhD. one of the calls I took had

a chief chief information officer in a in a company and and what he said was that

every time whenever somebody tells them that can you can you do this to project can you with this anything.

and if you ask her if I'm giving it. you said you'd always say yes. but then you're going to

tell the person that but this is going to cost extra. this is going to take this additional time.

so requirements can you can go up but then you have you need to have a mechanism to to manage

that. so. customer requirements out side to side windows requirements. what do

you agree on. so that I decided side. exceeded and whenever something is

completed with the dedicated budget ended up at a time and it is accepted by the customer

in the project failed seven to the scope creep as to what I just described when when things keep on

increasing the required requirement on the suspect which is required to do it. when those increase.

and this is referred to like uncontrolled changes or continuous growth in the project scope and

they can occur will end up the scope of the project is not fully defined not fully documented or not.

but documents do not well controlled and this is generally considered very helpful. and

hey budget resource and schedule increase along with the scope the changes are you considered an acceptable addition to the project

and the term school could be it's not too so whenever something extra as required in your next payment or

extra time out of resources. those are obviously using and managing it so if one

person is doing it now is two people that signed and you could pass to deliver it at the same same

same. or if you're giving double the time or if I given additional money then you can have

hired people to help you. so when when there's an real estate planning and scheduling then also

project feelings when display requirements gathering then project. could feel when there's a lack of resources

to complete the task of the lack of skills required to complete the task at hand Sunday the various reasons and Ms. project

got confused and thus I would say it's a very important slice of this with you because this

really does either one of the things that you need to keep in mind you know to to ensure

that the project that you're taking on it successful. so

when you say what is project management. we can describe it as the application of skills

knowledge tools and techniques to meet the needs and expectations of the stakeholders of the project and

the purpose of the project project management is just protection and prevention

not so much about reacting to things that come but basically to plan well. so that you can predict what's

going to happen and then prevent that things from happening.

so when you think of project management it's it works based on now. I'm triple constraint. the

constraint of time you have to deliver something within a given time for instance what are you doing this class has to be delivered within

the semester before the last of the class and this is the side cost as well.

the money and the results that are required and scope is how much that you are required to produce for instance

when asked do to that's it right five to eight pages or eight to twelve pages that that's in the model scope

that we agreed for agreeing on for the website. so all of these

deals and sure the quality of. the project really would so when with when the scope

increase to increase the scope means that means increased time and increased call so that

the way you can manage I think we've been in school. now if there is a tight time.

so this if the time is reduced and the cost increases and the third. that's

cool can it can be decreasing that I don't have enough time to let's agree on reducing federal requirements are not

doing certain things in this. I just time the budget is rate is really tight. so if there is

less money that you're being offered by the client. and in in that case you might ask for more

time because you can no time of people you maybe wanted to be but have to do it and to also to reduce the

scope. so keeping these three constraints and nine and I've been debating this country

to country. you can show that a project to tell you but with a certain

amount of college is such an quality that that people expect self you.

so when you think of project management there are these various areas.

scope management which is ensuring that all the perfect work is done within the project scope it's

completed and only the work within scope is being connected issue management is

is again thinking of one of the issues that that need to need to be handled in the in the project

cost management is how costs are controlled and and then cut costs are paid for

quality management. this call 's insurance plan. so how can you make sure that the

quality of the project is maintained what kind of test do have a tent usaa testing

a call it interesting to ensure that whatever you agreed on. it was really good managing the communication

so how do you how often do you reported to the client a communication person.

do you have a meeting scheduled to send e-mail updates and stuff like that. those have to be agreed

upon risk management. just to have all projects take a live in agreement on

how the project risks will be will be handed. so if anything comes about how

we do handle that. and also to wait two hundred. controls the changes in the project.

so whenever you're thinking of scope management right. it

is basically a debt. to ensure that your scope is manageable and it doesn't really go out of hand.

so it's communicating how the scope is defined how would be managed and who manage that and how when you can vote for changes

and issue management is is again. so the issues are restraints

to accomplishing that it removes of the project. so if any kind of

kind of problem that that comes in how would you how would you handle that so any any issue

that is not easily resolved. those would need to be escalated for resolution.

stations are typically identified for the project and log in cracked up to resolution.

and then managing the cost so here you have cost kind ten minutes

resource is people equipment material materials and and quantities

and then you have the budget so all of these other calls so you need to plan your your resources available whether you

have full time employees or talk to employees and what kinda kinda physical

resources are required. also the office basement materials equipment. and it's one of

the estimates estimated cost of one of the actual cost of the kind of things to think in terms of cost

management. and when you say quality management. this is the process

that shows that the project will meet meet the needs of the calls he agreed upon. so that

it conforms to the requirements whether it is. this is very to be used

soon of it is suitable or not. and so managing

the communications again having offensive communication between the client and you

risk management is again how how do you try to try and prevent

such risk and if if some unforeseen things happen then then what do you do. so I do anything.

risk and having something. let me to me to getting strategy for the rest. and updating

a tracking for us. okay.

and also also controlling for for changes. so whenever the scope changes for now that they're okay

now you when you need a whole side over here in the annuals needs things and if

the scope to changes how do you manage how to manage that how do you track that. and

if the specification changes is what is required how do you document that. and if the schedule changes

again having a time to to document that passes all of these issues got today and project management

so what do you think of a project life cycle that are various phases to it there's any decision fees and other projects out

there the definition phase where you where you come up with that. requirements

any any side defining what is required of the project and then once the requirements et cetera then you

start planning the project how when you go about the ring at do do need to hire people as we need to learn some

skills do need to get more resources to implement phase of the way the way the actual work happens

and often implementing instrumentation finishes and you would to various levels

of usability testing along these as well. when the understanding is completed and when the implementation

happens and that's it. if I need to unify the project once inside. once you're satisfied with

with what you think you've done a good requirements outside by the user that your website is ready

and then you have a closing phase in the project and so many move on to something else

at the moment so there are various kinds of

tools to keep to keep track of and keep track of the project

that you can draw a very simple table like this where you have the immediacy

of the project and then you have the time. and then you can document how much how many

weeks required for it for each and where you are in this. you can you can have.

again chats like this to us to create jet. you can check out online.

because when you search for project management tools. you'll be able to to drop

you. you can you can have like a bigger activity and and then some activities for that and then how much

time is required for each of the activities and what's to come in the status of completion for those.

so if you have to subtract those and then you also have something called the flip chart

which is the first chance for program a project evaluation interview technique. and

this chart is designed to analyze and represent the tasks involved in completing I given project

so when you have a support network shop for a seven month project with five milestones.

let's say ten two extension fifty ten twenty thirty forty and fifty cents.

and then you have six activities here. and then they it's talking about

how much time is required for each of those activities so you can have the sort of a chopped

to documented. and again very popular and

have a document a project schedule

