[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
now that we've looked at project management. let us look at one of the specific things that go into

the web project management. so how it is a general project management to differ

from the project management. so a project manager

management could refer to any any project could be any sphere whether you're building up

there doing construction or you at your building any piece of software. been think of the project

management we're talking about building websites. so some of the things

for you to consider is that why should a web design or develop to bother with that project management.

and what do you think is involved in managing a web project and what sort of prior experience if any do you have

with project management. supposed this with you at this

point and think some of these of these questions when we think of

web project right typically it it can be it can

it can be pretty look pretty large and if you done whether the connection to you on your lot of money. I was

involved in and I was a part of this is Paul and at the point in time you will. this is this is

the is for information science and technology. so when you look at the if this website

right.

so if this has this is a new website and in in the

past they had much about the website and in that website.

what you saw happen is that type the blood decided to do. also sleep. the

project management the web development or to somebody else or to a company and then we were inviting various

bids so but but the money that was involved

in that was that you know more than a hundred thousand dollars in terms of the money

money to pay death and your website and the team that eventually about the project is for nine months

trying to get the requirements try talking to be distasteful as as to what was working went to the website what are

the kinds of things that would they'd want to see on the website. and. so it's uh it was a

pretty large and diverse so when you would get a large company or an organization to give

you an assignment to build a website which can be kinda pretty big.

so in that project management within call us up stating that goes.

simply audiences and this is done through interviews. typically thinking

of one of the content requirements and thus I can you get for maybe a center with us to take what content is

already there you know what website. one of the things that you need to be divested that you do no longer need

and what I think we should need to be added and how do need to be structured and sequenced. I one of the technical requirements

of the website like to see a technologist trinity was one of the visual requirements how should

the logo looks like what's the color scheme be and what images you use when you need

to deliberate about the structure of the site and what kind of stuff construction if they fail to deliver it

with the timeline for the project. budget estimates.

one important is is usability. so

when you're thinking of a website right you're thinking also you have to make the people centric. so you have to design

a website from the point of view of the end user know whenever we think of anything great

evening. when you think us policy offending rate. whether if I need usable or not.

that's eight eight right. it's right spell it right. so that the zinc in it. all

of those basic requirements in the usability of a pen and for a for a piece of technology.

let's see. phone or website again that would

be that usability considerations and and you give us ideas and use it to you because of the US

is a content useful as a navigable does it set aside the end user does it set

aside various categories of use of the website and how many clicks do you have before you

move from one piece of the next before you move to where you need to go over all of those kinds of things other

ones which affects the usability of websites. so that I

know generic people you have try to envision a real person is accessing you website and we'll

be talking about something close personal and I was up in the in the next

few sections very very talk about how this person could be a typical

use of the website and you try to imagine to see this user and you know

and all the details in terms of how are the person is that the person works

what are the requirements of those side by Mister White this person to visit their website and so on.

so we'll see this is a is updated visually and I do not not putting a lot of effort to remember

things about how your site so one is that

we have to make it a very simple in the past there is to be like help menu for the software

and they're still there but in the in the in the past people expected to use those help my.

and now the design sense of direction especially with the way the apples I was devices

and the necklace and all have been used they have a hiring usability. so the design is

is such that you do use that you not need to think to how to use them. they must they should be intuitive and that's

where you find a lot of children also using iPads in the event of because they're very they're designed

with the with the with the user in mind who may not even understand the language I mean it made

know how to use it but just updating it on with things they need to do but you can learn to learn to use it.

so provide redundant use these recognizable features for instance your menus typically

on the top left you know in the mobile three and you have a hamburger menu which is on the top right.

and so if you push the menu at the bottom it's it's counterintuitive to the user. there is

there is contact information and some social media links in it for the address of the button

sometime. so again if you put that in other places that may not be easiest and recognizable

for the user. so generally have visited and of links in different

colors. if make it easy for you to remember where they've been the links must not be

must must not look the same last text which is not fixable. so when you look at a link you should be

able to to even verify that you things that complex care.

limit the number of items and groups of choices we have too many many items that at one face

and response time is also important to some of time you that will be eight info. that proportion to the pale

so this is weekend out in the foster people would wait for a long for a long time

payment for minutes to see something on on filled with the Internet connection and

when you when you really had a dial up modem but now even a few seconds

that can seamlessly long. but if it's something really important that somebody's waiting to see they see

see something see that sort of thing that you've been waiting for a long time that you'll wait for it. but what the people would

not want to wait too long now.

so once I kind of like there's no major potential fan trapped in the ten seconds of the user becomes void

and monitor because that you may leave now. so a lot of progress for other

brother feedback uses unity will go go about with the business and look at sites.

another way to the top of the phone so they must be an indication as to how much longer than I thought I don't know it will take

give us more than ten seconds usually whenever you're you're doing installation or a dollar you always get that over

us back and providing those indicate indicators to the user is important.

so again when you think of using the latest technologies in the cutting edge to some of the some of the poor

reasons just to look cool and to prove that you can and so on but some good reasons again.

what else could still beat to look cool and to draw attention

to mention attention and renounce information so most of the most important

reason for using cutting edge to this must be to inform educate to join you. tools just because you have

them accessible. but to use technologies for instance a

JavaScript for for certain behaviors that you want to show any website or

animation and stuff one eight fifty an ounce of the experience of you

and accessibility is is very very important you know going forward in the building of health

website and he is trying to show that your roadside excuse me. meets the basic accessibility requirements.

so section to five hundred eight nineteen eight six Federal rehab habitation act requires it.

entities do business with the federal government must include solutions team. employees

that solution same size with disabilities and avoiding contact proposals

and the ninety ninety two Americans with disabilities act you some of the fifteen million placements provide reasonable accommodation

since I've been submitted so these that these have been the universe is also need to adhere

to show that to the accident requirements and so when

you when you build websites again that a lot of the recommendations of making sure that your websites

and the later part of the semester will be looking at accessibility requirements and then how you can

show that and get this side.

get feedback on any type of design some other web designers. subject matter experts

and from different parties and [INAUDIBLE] that it is for Quentin for design 's one.

again the pro free for grammar and validation for an estimate in compliance

with with guidelines so maybe I'm taught or validated up. so all these

websites lately have you check your website for the accident with you and and see believe me to

set up on some tests is also a good website.

so once the website is done it has to maintain. so the question is who will do

the maintenance with you hand deliver it to the people in that I agree with you have a website for anybody anyone

else was the end user or will be called for two dimensional website on a periodic basis

and what you what to do a few major problems occur will be back up copies up on the side on the site

but if there's no the virus attack of some sort and schedule

accordingly review of the site. the content need updating the design working on the new tools that you should be

using. so these are some links that you can go through their

website okay. call home .com and that home pages

and to some information and resources how to optimize website. looking at

the statistics link if you. validator connection speed

will be a consortium and a lot of tutorials and three schools. okay

