[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so in this session we have a few learning outcomes by the time we finished to select you should be able to describe

use cases and scenarios explain the importance of information architecture. outline

the process of creating a site information architecture. talk about what your wire frame is

and how you can go about creating one. learn the difference between test and production sites

and also begin the process of learning CSS three.

so let's look at the first out some describing the use cases and scenarios.

so when you think of use case is right at the Honda use case

is what we call the user which is the person or you know library could be

a patron so anybody who was there to to use the website. so when

you have your your your typical uses for your site and then you also have a sense person

that you those we need to connect out these the view this is with

with use cases which means that they're the reasons why this person would use a website

with the typical toss the disbursement with the phone. so in this case out if you see that

this user is trying to use a library or pack which is open public public access

catalogs to access the library resources. so they could they could be a few things that the person good to using

the system. the person could ask this is OPEC for managing one's account searching for a catalog fishing for

books and resources in the library with having a particular item. when you having an item of providing feedback.

so trying the patron to each of these stuff is the each of each one is a use case.

so use case is to provide a simple means to decide and discuss the purpose of project

and they have two components the active and the goals and sectors

are your typical of most um and that uses and goes I walked up. one summer all of the

person I was out that you're created would want to achieve seven use kids must have a specific

goals and actors up. that'll perform tasks to achieve that goal and

goes minor things like reading about four star checking it every account session for a book and checking

out a book and so on. so use case is they define the goals and the purpose

that is the problems that we are trying to solve

is a written description of how uses to perform tasks on their website. it outlines from a user

's point of your system 's behavior as that response or request. please use case is a positive

essence of a sequence of simple steps beginning with the with the golden ending with the goal is fulfilled.

okay so you have when you think what do you ski this is nothing to do things like with using the website

whether you want to do the user goes in the steps are you the truth takes a completion particular task

how's the how the website should respond to an action. and it does not include intimidation sets of

language details of user interface of the screen. so in more

detail to use case and you also have triggers like what is it that causes that

that action to happen that you can use case to be initiated. and and the basic flaw

of the main things that are going that stuff and some alternate flows based upon the certain condition

that is some variation. so when you want to start writing or use case I didn't if

I was going to be using to us I think one of those uses defined what do you want to do on the site

each thing to use it does in the sights then becomes a use case and then decide on a normal course of events and

then. thank all some alternate scenarios as well so here

there's an example here. there is a housekeeper though who does laundry on a Wednesday and she

watches which load and she drives the solution for such an item shine some items and she throws us at night

and so here you have a simple longer use case so so the use cases calls do laundry.

yeah through the house keeper. the basic so is that on Wednesdays. I was given a possible laundry room she saw

the laundry that there are situations that you know it drives issued for his items and he's folding.

thank the items that are in because supposedly ended under that is that a shrunken so I just cost cost

so if you had said that is up the floor of the stuff that she was doing is being described

here. then you could have more details over here. so he's in the same place.

just the middleweight laundry case here you go to do laundry housekeeper and then the status of the

others knowledge and if so describe here so if you notice is that something 's wrinkled shines it and then hangs it on the anger

and then if so is that if you notice is that something still do appreciate he watches it and if

you notice that if something changes for that house and then you if you could then go into

more details as well. so use case is basically for any anything that you want to see

on your site think of the typical user. thank us by that person would come to your site

I think also less your students coming to the sentence that's I suppose and maybe a prospective student

and and once to see if someone's office a certain degree Celsius for the person

goes looks over the side and sees if the university off of the degree that she was interested

in and then now maybe maybe she notices another degree and then decides that

that maybe she's interested in that any further further that's an alternate so and maybe

she sees lessons is not also shoot shoot shoot. she like so then she decides to

pull the website or then she sees she sees that sentence does offer the way to

do that she was looking for then she looked for the admissions link and then since I mean I mean

e-mail to inquire further or something. so they could have did it really flows based on on what the weather

user. once in this instance. and then you have

other things that are required and that is it the meta data and metadata

I can be seen as something up that describes the detail describes the content

of the sites with information about information. so the content here. they could be

of any content which can the display done on paper on a device and on on a larger screen.

so it's let's see that when when you think of data right. it

is all the various kinds of words and labels that you would use to to

discuss and piece of information on a site. so reach loving

loving discretion that it has information about the content that provide structure context and meaning it's

what helps you the signed account and they're looking for. let's see you want to search for a German artist and then go to the library website

that you know should have the content. so if you browse around and can't find it.

it's a sign of bad metadata. if you get a meditative right you've already. the first.

also an insecticide design to determine what kind of information

to start about stuff that if any of us care about how to label them in ways that you can find

so simple things like this like describing thing that has the

resources or content or information and then providing the details

of it. will it will mean that whether you that information can be found or not because people

are used to searching for things using particular terms and jargon that they care about

other day that they're familiar with. they must include those terms that they use is that it typically uses.

so I will take you to use to find information on a website and then

there is a related term to use cases which is a view the scenario. it is similar to

to use case is that it has more detail over here. so

to design the most feeling experience for you this start thinking about scenarios feature to use up as

soon as the scenario basically a story story about someone which is

you the person I'm using your website to carry out a specific hospital goes.

and just could be like checking out a book looking for into library loans. I was thinking reference at the Central

scenarios work together with the first one of my serving of the story behind why the particular person I would

come to your website. so should focus on the users and the talks rather than

rather than on your site organization and internal structure. says that we'll get insight as to what content

site must have and how it should be organized. so it's really trying to look at your website when you have a point of view

rather than some of the web design is a web developer 's point of view. so here's let's look at an

example so this is the fall is an online student who's ordering flowers for mom

's birthday. so there's a first steps of falling out a guest to this site flowers are

S .com. now the question of the stage might be real fun though that you are

or are you the search engine and then the next of the false Lexus about the birth your flaws option in the menu.

again a comment him I'd be like really want to show season most popular thousand. on the fish. we want to show

delivery information on the homepage for example. next delivery delivery costs and so on

and then an idea could be later maybe they could provide for the flower find and I think it's find about for flaws

in the next step after the side of the selected as possible to the flash and by the price to make right.

and they can't afford more than twenty five pounds or dollars which of the currency is only

saw the policy to be presented with and we'll decide on on one piece that's a question. if you ask

for this particular step in the scenario. so you can think

of scenario as having the series of use cases as well that interest in this case.

these steps are not discrete but there are links to the previous of seven subjects the other.

so we'll probably want to initially she'll solve the popularity dismiss it as far as the next step of the false

flexible care of a particular type of flood of the things on the lake and we

want. so then then the comment is that we want to show an image of price title and put it in for a special

description for each set of laws and then maybe an idea of the quick guide two thousand kids or

flowers showing that follows and shut it off and then assigned to serve as the politics to look at the information

for the for the particular side of the lakes including whether delivery as possible before his mom 's birthday

and the question then is what sort of information will fall meet you know for example how long size of

a lost the comment is that we'll need to show delivery costs and available and available to review celery

stalks at this point in one idea that she was in the reason kids policies designed to have

the right size for his mom. so these are this an example of scenario if somebody.

again so I was using a particular website and there is some more information that we have

from usaa .com. you know they describe scenarios as the stories and contact behind why

a specific user user groups come to your site. so they know what the goals and questions to be issued and sometimes

to find a positive elder you can achieve them on the side. so the critically critical for designing

an interface and also like for usability testing. so some questions are considered that who is the user

and have the person is to develop students like the real major news of what's going to do a site wide as

he was a come to your side one of the motivations and articles of the user have.

so there are different types of scenarios going to talk to scenario what state

what the user wants to do and then you know examples of things like a parent is worried about a ten

year old refusing to drink but if you want you know it was really making a difference of the child is getting very little calcium

calcium here. are you trying to settle for a job next week and you want to check on them out you can be reimbursed for meals

and other expenses. there any more detailed scenarios to hear you please give them all you the details

and they'll give the rep team defend us any of the use and use the characteristics. this you're

just talking about another story that involves retired school teachers for now in the seventies and that social security

checks an important part of the income of they just sold the big house and and it's about why they would then

come to your to your site for us it's really getting the story of the context behind my person he is using

your site and they put in more detail in for the screen. scenarios as well

