[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so each week we tried to cover some design elements and some development elements.

so in terms of the development development. this week is that after having learnt it's GM

of your knowledge to start learning CSS three and that's quite a bit to learn. and CSS three

and the starts talking about that. so the very idea of CSS is to be able

to separate the content from the design. so the content part is what is taking care of.

bye H demo and you know in CSS the signing party separated in

the olden days I wished him the confidence out of the mix and it was very difficult to make changes

but now with the separation of CSS who can make changes to the design. pretty much

on the fly. so when you think of cascading style sheets these are created

by calling. we lie off and I see hey nineteen ninety four

eight so worldwide web consortium standard forth and twenty visual presentation of webpages.

so what I asked him to describe the content to see this is a schedule a lot it's used in many ways helps keep extremely

simple and I was also very efficient because you can reuse of data processing multiple pages. so it allows

you to change the color of any image in the page see if this up. let's add backgrounds and borders

and you can use CSS to change the visual if he if it is very men's necklace and links

as it is to customize the entire layout of your page. so faced him and give you a structure than CSS

gives a peach beauty. so more formal definition of CSS. bye W three

C is that it's a language for describing the rendering of structured documents such

as that chamber and ask another on-screen on paper on paper et cetera. does not just a stay

my documents you could even take other files that I like XML documents where that the tags are not

predefined recognition came in and day you could use CSS to do that.

style that those pages as well let's look at an example which is see it says. 's

and garden Associates.

for a while. so here you see that it doesn't particularly look and feel and and there is some text

here which talks about littering the docking Grady Road later prospects about the specific tags and compatible

document object models and so on. so when you go there and and you changed your CSS now.

you find that looking for your changes that you still have the same content. dishing a docking very rude. and

when I go to two governments over here. again you have the same content here.

and then you have this is. again the you're looking for you to change but your content remains the same.

and then you could just go ahead and click click on these different designs on

the fly. so it is really showing you like. what are all these.

how you can change the CSS to complete a change that look and feel of the page while still retaining

them the same content. and that is the main duty of CSS. so

when you. this is this is the end of tree schools are calling tutorials and CSS and

you are expected to go through stuff pretty much the entire tutorial because you you have to be well versed and see

us another to succeed in in web design and development. so here you have

various things in terms of how you how you can you see your sister status. Dave

to act a bit of the background to that colors and for padding and margins and so on. so all of this is about the study

part of CSS. and as you go down it was also in the later part talked about

the position how we can you see us as a position various elements in a webpage. and it it has the

idea. also which is again an important concepts and and positioning. and

as they move down there is that are more advanced CSS over here.

you can do things like any any missions once of this point you can do it if you have time not something

that you're focusing on on right away. but that the styling in the position that

this part of it is really important. and then there are more advanced techniques

out forcefully also like to see if the FedEx box so and then for

this is also important when you when you talk about media queries this helps you make your pages responsive

so that they they're able to to slow slow boat across the changes in device I was

like when you move between the phone to laptop screen and so I

need to have that and so on and so this is again examples of

responses of design using CSS and see this is great it is a new addition and that's also important because

it helps you. military medicine in it and reformat within within specific.

grade on a page. so let us

look further here. so in the basic rule in a CSS is that there is a select

and then a property in value selected in reference to an HMO 's tag

which is dead or you know if Jim is that document so it is. this is Irish team of elements of

the pages that you that you want to modify so that you specify separately and you see

if this file. and if you can also specify a date in line with him now or as

a as in the beginning part of your estimate as well. and then you specified so that particular tag.

how do you want to style it. so so what does the property let's say a call and then on what his elections

at Columbia for example rate or any other exit is Mark with that you can specify for that.

so this is an example of that. so the select here is the day which is also an element of the selected

this is the property which is color and then use the thing is certain value for it and you see that

there is this curly brackets and then there is a call and separating the property and the value and it

off the value into the semicolon. so this is part of the syntax. I'll follow the

rules of CSS

so this is an example of nation the page where you have a head and

event in the side and then you have a section header article and if it and so on so you could take these

and you could take each of these as as head or section a four footer as

the elements over here and you can you can set ad rules on how to style them differently.

so let us look at one eight one example select

it today. elements like to select HD millennium in space in the evening. so here all the elements

on the page of the center line with DirectX call us here you have the DEP and then you are saying that

up. this is the selected peak and then this is the property which is text line and you want it

to the values center and the property which is color and then you're saying the value here is right.

so when you try just feel so in this case this is your extreme of the page over here and

it sure you have you're the head part of your shtml and then you have the body and

then you have certain paragraph tags over here and then within the Patterson

now when you when you. this is a serious as positive and added it can be a separate file and

in some cases here in the news in this example it's put within the same

file under the style tag. just putting this here stuff. so here you have

the peace fee of the selected which is basically selecting just the settlement of the stack and

then you're signing these ideas to this property for the text align with the centers of a P comes

in which is every third and then you saying that you know you're giving it a certain value

or you can change it to let to let us a left and then this is run that will change or you can change the color

to green or something else. and and that will change as well. on the fly.

and then there are other things that see if you have ideas for CSS background color

that you could add. so in this case the barren color colors light blue and you can change

the background color to red

and this is for the for the body. and then so anybody

that you could change that. and you can have your CSS file at for

different kinds of blood is that a good day to specify margins out and

so on so you see if joke goes for the tutorial and and catch get familiar with the vehicle so

syntax elements of contact CSS

CSS hasn't hasn't split into modules that are in various stages of development

and some are called recommendation. some called candidate recommendation and

some are working drafts of the lowest stages to be working draft and candidate recommendation

is it's almost ready and recommended means that it's been approved and now it's the standard. so there are

lots of sub models which upon the recommendation things on the media queries that became up on the standard in June

twenty twelve. the color level three which became a Saturday June twenty eighteen. that is

the basic user interface that will see which became a standard in in June twenty eighteen and so on so there are various

levels of these. so this is how this is the dragon which is

specifying how these deals are when you whenever wherever it is specified in

light green color. so then those are those of the following recommendations like

all the things which part of the CSS that one fun properties color backgrounds cascade

these books published text properties all of these up on the first version of CSS and the second

version of CSS media types of models active tables all of that came

in to see you're supposed to bring one and and see us is three. you have selected level three media

queries. namespaces all sides are at level three all of those uh part of follow the recommendations

of CSS and then you have these outstanding recommendations that you almost

ready and then they are turning into into recommendations as we speak with they they keep

modifying them across month. and either read one shows the process he says that they're

still working on a look at the current state of these.

at CES is currently work and you can go over here on the stage and and you'll be able to see

that the current status of different things and to tell you that to one of these I mean so.

S V W D means like the first public working draft of the demons are working draft. see

out here which it was for showing as as the license. this green colors like

kinda fun up on them and colors as a candidate recommendation and then they have

like a proposed recommendation which which is in the screen one

and then they have a full recommendation it is and green. all of these are completed

one. which are all recommendations color level three namespaces and see it's eleven to meet Aquarius

had attributes font seven three others that are in recommendation and then

you have an X box and all that which ever propose recommendations as

they have so. so do you use a great. greatly out level one again is a proposed recommendation part

of it. is upcoming and current is is here as a as a candidate

recommendation so they keep updating this as they work on various parts of CSS

so it is part of it is stable part of it is moving and changing as we as we go. so

so that is that the way this team that's working on TSS so give

us doing working on it.

you could also use. quit academy and I'll send an student you have access to Linda .com

which is now a call it and they continue learning and you could go there and taste

his user ID and password into stores and see this is over there. or you could you know and see if the three.

some text books and some of the resources and do you do videos of the schools as it is one

good place to start and then you also have one type

of CSS implementation is is the media queries

now we do aquariums out is it just allows for race to see us as module

and it allows content rendering to adapt to condition such a screen resolution for example a smart phone

screen with the computer screen. and it's a constant technology response the design. so when you want

to paste it up in different sizes. you do need to have major queries so here first

thing that you do is that you you specify ass media screen and then you can specify minimum very

tough set else a number of pixels and so on. so this is something that goes into your CSS.

when you want to specify. you know it up. and you wanna make your pages is responsive so

and in today's world almost every CS that you would have for the pieces design would have been differently

in there if you would have the media screen. so this is an example for me to quit before

I fax immediately. media on your screen and then you have a device that's why does my phone number ten.

minimum wage device with an excellent device that and then within the body how your

body heading influence video thing that far. when there is a iPad conditions and how would the body

style heading one style and so on. so we'll talk more about

we differ is but I just wanted to introduce them to you right now. so what

you're seeing today is is use case is another day tell you the scenarios

we've talked about information architecture. again we we looked at things like card sorting and then of afternoons

and then that we talked about. test with the production side and we talked about. see if the three

okay that's all. today

