[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so once you have your information architecture in place and you know that what I was

in structure like and how they were going to organize them and put them into into many categories

sub headings and sub headings now you to think of how to how to lay out your elements

in in a visual manner. and that is why why frames coming and

so last frame is kinda thought of as a blueprint. also reach the design.

so it's a visual representation or a couple of pages of the website. and this has to

take what you've developed into writing only so far into a visual form. so the purpose of

life frame. just to communicate the layout of the page without getting caught up and call the renter. other

design elements of the stage and they can be a big time saver as they help all parties involved to come

to an agreement about wait a place in the major items and a piece of such as head is content

areas navigation menus and photos of the key here is to get the layout near John

so that major label changes won't take place. once a detail design elements that are in place.

so it was last name is essentially a two dimensional illustration of a page the interface

that specifically focuses on space allocation and prioritize additional content and the functionalities

up that are available and intended behaviors of different parts of the website for

these reasons why frames are typically structures that are not included. timing

color graphics. so this is an example of the wire

frame. I'll send off the iPhone Apple Steve 's guardian.

so it has some standard elements like the logo the search field. bread crumbs breadcrumbs basically

when you have like a major category with the matter is showing sub category and it's a precision

sure he's sure you like the menu structure it's located where you are within the larger websites

and headed into the page titles is the each one and and sub headings

and so on. navigation systems including global navigation local navigation body content you have buttons contact

information for two et cetera all of these other kinds of elements which are there

in the in the last frame. let's do a few things out the social life frames and go to the

images flicker. and also look at a site that allows you to create

wire frames.

so it's when you look at this again. you see that it has pages that it

has these these placeholders about way to play to face this is a big hero in amazement replaces

other expensive and this is a part of the foot of the page. and so on and you can

have a wire frame both for your house for your laptop screen which is more of a

rectangular shape in terms of a landscape you as it is a foot review

for for a close phone which is gonna be I and order or iPhone or are you

set up so far for those of us I says well you could have. five three and then

you could search for a wire frame and in particular as well so here you'll get two. again different

views at different times of life and so you can use the software to create a life anymore you could also draw

the elements. using using a pen on paper that

it also has the details of what I call elections it doesn't really have to use any software to do it.

so yet. so there are like different examples of laughing that you let your sign

on line

so so these examples of five frames I see. the phone view.

and if it's not signed by frames also yeah this is this is a good one it shows you

via framing in terms of the death of view

of the sites as well as the the mobile fuels off the side as well

one possible. ask for building. my wife and lots of them this is called go go

walking but there are the elements given to you can drag and drop them to create the idea of

a webpage and and then you can go in and click on the last frame

and then start doing it right away. thank you so as

it comes in you if you can log in and and then you can you can create a virus

laughing inside this. so that's one. let's look at the earlier example

that you're looking at which was the center for information society at Stanford

so they're the information architecture we saw had this utility navigation.

some items in a primary navigation. and then they built they did wire frame

based on that. so this list okay I see the last frame that they have

so here they created like at the college of the Stanford law school they had a logo for incentive information. information

society they had like a two to three lines of description on a ticket for another three and a half line

here and then they had this top part which they had to call you a call. the utility navigation

glove multimedia contact us and so I'm like long with this at that part of us here

in the search bar and this major navigation that they had spoke a CD experts and all that

to put you put over here as in advance and

so in this case. when you're doing a laugh and it also helps to identify where would you please I

can see school. so that's happening over here. and then they had sort of like a name a big image

placeholder here. things about getting involved any e-mail addresses. social media sites

attending events and so on and some things about recent events that have happened on those focus

areas which are there know the further opened up. and just please. and there's a fisher video

and upcoming events and so on so here there are some other notes like maybe

the feature calling will have a whole image text with image with text and you'll be able to pick

the navigation today to see other items appreciated the space. so that's here and then they cut on

them out of Texas in for the top describing what we do but I think we need to cut they don't even want to to lancer this is

again some notes over here as to making this is the shutter and then there's

the recently box which has some information so here you have the option of us calling

for change. because there but if people click on what we could take them to follow the future like I was calling within that

box. so if you see the from going to the architecture to you know

having this. the full layout of the last frame it it does it's um it's a nice forward

step because now you're able to imagine the page that you have and you're still not a God for that.

's leather enough in terms of thinking of the colors and and look and feel in that sense

but you just thanking us for a two way to to pay service elements on the site. so it does

help you move forward into creating architecture in moving to a webpage design

into you know in a logical manner

