[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
and this session via covering a few topics. why web design. how do you

go about getting requirements for web design project. how they would talk about what is responsive

designed by that you develop your website mobile for the stars just operating first.

and we'll talk about project management and version control

sends out. so before that we will review what we did in the last session. Davis.

we talk to a distinguishing between client and server. we according to do stretching DP. I

need to reading. we look at what are the key developments in history off the Internet and they would read back.

so one of the things to think about right now those deposits with you and think about

the difference between the client and server. and again one computer performs

both rules so the answer to this question is that yes. one computer can

perform the role for a client and the server and client is anything

that request for services and does serve as a computer that provides services to one of things.

idea. so you so you could install a server on your local computer as well

so this is an example of a simple two tier architecture with the client and server. and then you could have a three

tier architecture with that. where you have a database of it and if you can so separated and you could have

it into you have a various applications on leave that. so aside are separated into into a service like

with the pen so but if it's not even seven so and you could have an anti- air

conditioner with Claudia Benton. so in a typical process you have the. the end

user on the client and then you have a request which can be in the form if I did get something for something

to us over and then it goes for that through the networking goes to the survey and in the form of

pages they catch demos. CSS JavaScript and so on and there's a database

attached to the server and then you get some response back to the to the client

and and the connection between the client. so but anyways that should be

to call daily connection. this is an example if I catch it. get request

going in and then there is not going to call acknowledgment okay coming back and then you have your posting something.

I for for like a possible or you can use the name when logging into something and then you

then the seven checks against data base and see where it's on arthritis

and we also talked about looking at the major developments in the history off the Internet and the worldwide web

and to summarize. if you just show you an example here. so this

is my third year time line from nineteen eighty nine to two thousand nineteen. on the

history of the world wide web. so here in March nineteen eighty nine. English

engineer and computer scientist Tim Bentley right information management proposal which outlines his vision

for what would become the world wide web and then she the first version of a search engine is

conceived and he seem interested in the nineteen ninety. the number of years of the nineteen ninety Internet users

two point six million and then now. by nineteen ninety. abundantly creates

an issue TV you are in this chamber of the very first browser and the world

wide web web on and then suddenly this is all

all the world wide web web software to the public domain and the yellow domain is registered by

jury activity. silo service of the cessation unit was born in nineteen ninety four

and a web crawl the full text search engine will last united ninety four and then you

can. bye. talked about nine ninety for the very first band has set it up hearing the number of Internet

users forty four million. by nineteen eighty four waiting for something to show that. two point six million

and then Internet access and Microsoft Internet explorer lunch is almost

a year after Netscape navigator. but it quickly becomes one of the most popular browsers of the times an escape was

it was the idea pros and then those Internet and Internet explorer came in and then

you have a pop up ads coming up in nineteen eighty seven and then life is induced

to consumers in nineteen ninety eight. Napster was released in nineteen ninety nine. website.

it became like a file sharing. 's. if you're flushing mechanism of people. what do you do this for

sharing music and movies and all that and it was cracked on the part of the fall if piracy and

blow it was launched in nineteen ninety nine. just to give us our phone for people to start writing the blogs

I need to really empower the lot of people because we didn't really have to depend on on

the news media and people could express themselves much for free and they did not even have to be computer experts.

and by the year two thousand. the number of Internet users about forty one four and twelve million

and then that was the bubble busted the Internet bubble the Dotcom bubble which was there every

every one of the study companies on the online that bus by the year two thousand and then we keep

videos option two thousand and one. and Firefox browser came about

in two thousand and two as as an open source software and what pressure

is released in two thousand and three and a number of interviews of this is one thing

to bed and then before that in two thousand and three mice this is only solution on this is a kind

of thirty eight rations of what will eventually lead to do the coming up off of Facebook

then in February two thousand and five. about the Facebook is launched a three by three

form of a fighting for yourself. also though so this is off the field books a day to no avail

because in two thousand and four and these people then create you what you've been to

two thousand and five eight three former employee himself up a path in the future was with a quite of a vehicle

goes into it was founded in two thousand and six and Netflix Jerry

with civilians DVD and begins to shift into it on to my video streaming before that it is actually physically sign DVDs

of people and then # tech became common in two thousand and seven US after

it came about a two thousand and eight and an android market distortion two thousand eight

to twelve by two thousand and ten. the number of Internet users became the one point nine billion almost a billion

by then and then. so in two thousand and ten. and surround

sound or Kevin Forster the first four digits of us in July of two thousand ten. was

released later that year. ' they they became

that came about in two thousand and twelve. the number of things do you like to the twenty sixteen to three

point four billion and then like two thousand eighteen fees because that to deal with any controversies over

the years. bye-bye. but it became of it. a tough year with with the scandals and so on

and in two thousand and nine now. world record was found.

font phones with with with an egg. they can just a picture of Snape on Instagram and and they wanted to

see what they could break you know the record of eighteen million. so very soon like the record is broken within ten

days and nonsense and I like it might make twenty

twenty eight was like to pay more than fifty four million users

