[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
and this session will talk about a few topics they talk about the importance of understanding

and describing your audience and the persona we'll talk about design considerations

and video website. and we'll also look at examples of some not so good and some good

and every website and then we move on to the development ethics as well we'll look at out

the entire suite of web development tools that you need to know. if web development. and this week you

start learning. it's team of five. before that is review what we did in the last

session. we identified the reasons for designing a website. we talked about the need for requirements

and then we also. so how how you can design a website both from

desktop photo store auto mobile for us where you have much the space to to work with

and look at the different phases of the process project management and

we look at looked at get a tab and version control.

so that was some discussion questions last week well one of the top five skills you need

to be a good web designer developer which of these that you have when you wish to acquire and what

would be a piece of technology that you would want to learn right away. now

talking with the influences of technology on on design. so that

some browsers are again. really important in the sense that different

users use different rather than you need to understand which which the user group in which closes

undercurrent of using and we'll also looked at different types of property

systems which have again been used a people weather 's PCR mac or Linux or

the mobile base operative systems like how US or android and that people can

have a different connection speeds depending on which state of the USA or in order in which country

of the woods there and and also deaf people use different screen sizes so

based on that. again different weights of mobile phones as there are some people have tablets

I'm doing tenth people to might have different sizes of laptops and and the stuff

we talked about. responsibilities I will this person in the first. just obvious

design your first design for a large screen and then you decided what you want to cut.

I know the other one in the mobile first. you do you decide based on

the minimum first and then you decide what to add this is a different approach is one example

to think of is in terms of detecting a house one one way to take it to thank us is

like out what to throw in which case it can be hard to solicit in thing because he

you might find yourself at the test a lot of things but another push to think of as as what

to keep and what you think that almost everything is frustrating and then giving away

and then you would you decide on on one of the things that you really want to keep so

that we have a pro actually it's kind of similar to the mobile for us to push visually forced me to think really carefully

about what is really necessary and and what are the things which are not some not so necessary.

and. so the so it's a hard approach in that sense

and some discussion questions again. how would you describe response to the design of the skills

required to me because this one's website and why do you think it's better to design for a lot of

things better to design for yourself for sort of a fruit stand by and

we talked about four of project management and we talked about

any any kind of how to ensure any good quality in in any project. you have these

triple constraints by the time or call us to school and most of the time you're able to

to many of these to these things to get to that hood so increased school. if the scope

increases. so then then you need more time. and then you'd also might probably need to have

more cost for that. and if the if the time. become shorter

Easter time and space then your costs will increase and then the scope might need to review standpoint.

and then if the budget is low. if there's a tight budget and you might need more time to do it because you may not be able

to hire a lot of people to help you or the school might also be need to produce at that

stage and some discussion questions here

were questioned it is I know I do wealth of other project management and very thing is involved in managing

the project was that was set up a experience but do you have a project management.

so in that project management. there are a few steps

to it. so the first is that anything else goes in and this is the audience

thanking off what continues to go into a website one of the technical requirements. house looking for an individual

because I'm going to be what do you need to tell you how the site structure looks like

and what team do you have what experience do they need to come but well the tenants of the books

for the project is it a few days a few months or one of the years and with the budget

all of these considerations which need to be be taken into account when designing

large websites. are you in a smaller one. but you may not have a lot of

time for those steps in the small website but if you go to think a lot of these things

and we talked about. good heavens well. now when we looked at. Ed

to get to have again we saw that they will fall components like if you think of your local computer and the remote server.

so get to have .com and it's very much for the tree and your local computer will have

have two it is it like that. three things will have a looking directory and then we'll also have a staging

area where you put that puts those files that that you know one to one

to come into your local repository and the files from a local deposited then you can push creating

looking for the tree and then you can pull from that. but this and shows that you and if you have

different people looking on on the same website or on on the same software development

then then you you can manage different versions of the code without really without affecting

each other and without really affecting the integrity of the final points of one person. pushes

over here and then the other person before deciding to make changes it always try to put it so that

you get the latest version. want to make the changes and you then you push over here. so it's it's it's a

good system and and lots of version control systems out there

