[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
and just let you have a look at a few things so by the time you finish the lecture you should be able to identify the

reasons for building a website. so we'll talk about why I've been to the website and white.

talk about designing a website and you'll be able to destroy the need for you guys and requirements

but also look at the reasons for going responsive or mobile first. and

we look at the various components in favor of the project management. and we'll talk about version control.

so let's look at the reasons for designing a website and the need for a gathering requirements and

the spot with you. so why web design. now when you think of

web design. various tones come to mind aesthetics interface hasty

OCS Essex and those type of typography graphics company to develop a prose architecture.

leave those on with the various terms that are there in the web design and development process

so take a minute and think also why do you think the design and development

are important and positive for a minute and then try to write it down

before you move forward with watching the rest of the with you.

soon to talk off for web design that are a few things no one is the fundamentals of web design.

the making of. also a good design and typical website evolution the process

of design. what happens the pre- design work but of the things that influence design technology content

to call me how shoot by you should worry about accessibility and making sure that website

follows the universal web design. and thank for maintenance and improvement issues these

in in a nutshell all the various things and considerations that going to place when you think

of web design and development. so spend some time browsing

the Internet and look for examples of bad web design and

examples of some good web design. okay so when you think of in this current

here which websites do you think will qualify for for the bad one finished which ones

do I think you qualify for Gwen why do you think those reasons exist.

so if you're in example.

so for instance if you look at examples of bad website this website. just have some examples

of bad websites one to save your university school of thought. and when you

think of bad website. it is basically difficult to navigate and the competence with their face

to get that they're doing. make an aesthetic sense the functionality is is not

easy to do it. it's not easy to use from the perspective of the end user and the functional

it is not the best. so this is I'm calling books is on the example of a website which is

not so good. high school sports in Mississippi so I was just a

scroll down so that if you can see like a way to see examples of websites which don't look so good to get that their

images missing on the safe side and like you'll find out so much as you

have the deepest and have a Dodge. font here in the center line. so lots

of websites which in there and they listed here for various reasons why they may not work. now

the sun is an example of the through the website and there is an overdose of very bright colors

which which sort of jarring to the eye and just one example

of the website which is clean and simple and easy to use usable as the live .com.

and here you have a very nice words used for that very

simple words from the with the specific that I do buy a rental or sale. so that's another user comes you can

see that. whether you want to buy or sell a renter house and then there's

something on home zones and stage and find us leave that to somebody looking to buy or sell that house that these are the

typical things that you would need and when you vote with you. you find a great day just in that

show up and there is a signing option on the right. and you can add neighborhood

right away. so. so that was other other menu items again

in bigger sizes here. I need to feel it looks very clean even went out

and seen from the perspective also. I saw that come up on mobile screen so

when you get your mobile three again the name and will show up like this and you can do the same

functionality here. and yeah so so it's nice and then

Simpson and his little brother. so that's just one example that it lots of examples of good websites as well

then lots of bad one. so I want you to take the time to look at and look and

find some examples yourself

so think of. look at examples of library websites and and discuss

which ivory websites are good and which ones I do think are bad and why

and if you look at the some of the video website. look at some of the some of the websites and then and

to do so. if you think it's an example of a good website design or a bad web

design and why do you think. thanks so so I think

the fundamentals of web design. one of the first things that you'll think about is the purpose

of that why is it that you want to design the website. so typically a website must have

a purpose rather than just being a repository for information and what have you focus

that should be tied to the goals of the organization. when it's an ivy or an archive or

a person is building a personal website so if you build a website for yourself. then you

must be did what do you want to achieve in the next two to five years. and I think of that is the purpose and you think of a

library and its primary purpose being to provide services to patrons and that must be front and center

in terms of the design the things that inform the design of the website.

so the public could be to inform to educate you could be persuaded to

buy something. or for for another date could be so sort of

deposit someone to join a call as well. I don't think of instances up on the design.

it can be the technology was able to the target audience and the designer. the content

that you that you're there and how much money is is there to work on the design vehicle

how much time do you have went with the scope of the skid of the project and the types of issues

that are there on the on the website. whether you're using animation pictures

or just text. our video mixed event and usability

is one of the key terms in terms of making sure that your website is easy to use them out

from a user 's perspective. so those objectives must be met. so anything

else out. good website. when did you have the object

is the purpose of the website and based on that purpose. you think of the content that needs to go into the content

will insure that website is functional if it's place in the right manner and it's and have a cable but Continental

will not make out their website work. so when you think of good design it must be understandable

and interesting and easy to use in any form. and also done some

of it says a point of view so that's what you see is actually what you get unique you should not need

to think so one of the that famous usability books is because don't

make me think. right. so when you think of.

so this this book quite by Steve Kruger is it. it's talked talked about this is principle

of not letting requiring the user to have to think when you're

when you're on when you click on something I don't click on something so good website must be able to

to follow those principles.

so one of the things is that whenever you think of cruise rates. those only

guidelines so one thing that I realize over the years is that anything that you say works

for in terms of website file one of the rules used to be in the past. so that webpages were supposed

to be a shot. so that you could they can see all the content on a laptop screen and click

and go to the next three and now that's true no longer holes as much because a lot of people

are are browsing looking webpages on mobile devices and where you have a touch base

interface so you you scroll used for the lot when you when you when you're on

on a mobile device. so then webpages tend to be long. so that's true. I was having sharp webpages

of them for the closing all the situations now. so in that manner. there is no single

right way to create a website there right away. depends on yesterday. to use depends on which year

you are in as to as weapons. those are are being followed at that point. and depends on

your end users and devices. the end users have

conflict with technology that the type of device they have the type of browser that eight day using all of those payroll.

remember like what you see is what you get so. so have you there's one central with all my material they want to

seem the fifteenth of the information they need. so again and give them control

doing get them to follow that one specific path. they should be able to arrive at something

and in multiple ways and and you should be able to guide them in some manner so that

they don't get to get lost but still have a semblance of control.

so there have been a few generations of evolutions in terms of of the web design.

so the first generation was that was replacing paper information

and then in the second generation that would love the flashy elements used to find lots of things actually groaned

when you went to any webpage that I me to that I can recall many of the points.

and. generation three is leading edge. so those lots of style elements

in CSS styling use. but the contents of in the case. and now

when you think of. generation for continent and technology are integrated. so

your content to take my name is all those become important element having a sense

of whitespace and your design so when you think

of web design we should I really try and skip the some of the problems that are there

in the first three generations of website design.

so when you think of general method for design one is called the ad hoc process or arm or

seat of the pants. so here. so any single seat

of the fence is basically based on you the intuition and experience rather than a plan

or. so. so when it went

something that is like electricity put together created on the site. so when someone says like I need a website right now within

one hour today. that's when you have a very ad hoc way of creating a website

and the other the other way is a methodical well process which includes planning quality assurance.

so what you learn in this class is more methodical well thought out process and we're not

not been looking at more. so much of the Internet how process and but even then

there might be times when after you've gone for this class. that would be times when you might have to put together a website

quickly especially those websites which do not have a very long shelf life and and see what you should

have the tools to do that as well if you when you need to.

so when you have an adult website that first of that one you and

be able to get through all the contents of the might you might have also been it's about under construction site

and some of the content might be annoyed because you haven't had the time to interview people and get the latest content

and some of the techniques and design may not be the best in the they might be addressed

Brooklyn spoken scripts because they're trying to put together something very quickly

and so the site may not be the best in terms of usability because you haven't had the time to design tasks and carry out a

usability testing for a website. and

so again you you call me on me know if he would be very clear when you try to do two things quickly that it might be like

a lot of quick fixes in the design and this might be difficult to update them and you know

as well. some benefits of that that's a quick and dirty might be the best

best case out in some situations and that's when. if websites a very short lifespan that's

when you use that ad hoc design is good and for very small website sense

size design for a single event a single class and so on.

so when we think of taking the time to do design it and test a website before launching

well thought out web design in the long run will save you a lot of problems it's more effective understandable

easy to navigate and you know and that's something we should strive for because the planning process

even though it takes a lot of time it really reflects in what the end you the overall

site and stuff looking like and it's very easy to to maintain each one for the end user

with the ways that there if ninth is for the website. so

think also one of the top five skills you need to be to be a good web designer developer

and which of these skills you already have and which ones do you plan or wish to acquire

and then from these. if you have on one piece of technology right away. which one would that be. so

it's just so it's something that set up for you to think through now. as as I think also

think of your role in this representative assigned to process.

so now there is some free design work. that's carried out. so consider the mission of your organization.

and then to find out the target audience. this is a very important thoughts because

websites may not be able to cater to all the people so I can. a lot of the mistakes

give me to make and then you try to build a website which is one size fits all for everyone.

so when you if you know who your target audiences. then you'll be able to to

map the websites to that user base and then if it works a target audience is like

you look for other people as well. but if you try to make a website for everyone. without

really having an audience in mind and maybe and I see that it doesn't really work for anyone.

so set some goals of the websites of things that you want to do like to quickly enter things that are more

for long term. and and how should you go about gathering content

and try to try to chunk them into some logical units to think of room side with financial

and you have to organize it also it might. if you if you put in place for each

other around then it may not look very nice but if you had logically is like a seating area and a dining area

and maybe a desk and and this year so those kinds of you when you feel distressed as a

way. looks on one eight so even in terms of the content everything through. how do you want to organize

a junk your content into a single page of website any multiple pages as

well so again like when you think of pre-

design create an outline a plan for your content

and create a website on paper first so the best design happens

on paper. even before you started designing websites a lot of the times I find a certain schedule them

so I think of a design project. but really for Saddam just with with a pencil and paper a pen

and paper and start start looking. thinking through what how the menu structure

looks like what pages you want the website should contain how should you label

the parts of the website and then how do you want the user uses attention

to flow for one part of the website to the other so the sequencing and the content

all the status can can be taught you know in a paper permissive thank you know what many attention there and

the components of your website. so then think about the

actual esteem a PDF traffic one of the size needs of it the website. they will they replace how the

businesses access them and organize the file you can be for the development team team

can understand the hierarchy of the pages. so there are

so then we should also taken through one of the instance of technology and on on design. so

which which of the browser that that are used by the user whether it is

chrome or Firefox or Internet explorer for different browsers are are

used to have have have different market share and very

very user base and which drugs are you this elected to use. and also think

off the operating systems that that they might be using whether it has windows or mac or Linux or some of them up the system but there's just

a list of mobile. what kind of connection speeds up there in different states of the US and in

different parts of the wood and then very are you this might be deciding

and also the sides of the screens that users might be using whether it's

a it's a five inch mobile phone or is it larger distance for you know. our huge

ship. seventy five inch television screen so so where where is the browsing

happening for your user.

so the content drives of how the website looks the size design the students of different

insights and science and stuff and which may look different for type design for like potential faculty

and also as far as for current sites for current clients out to current employees would be much more functional.

you would did want to look for specific files and sites for potential clients my feet much

more specific with where you are really trying to get to impress them so that for current

employees they're more concerned with with finding things out that they need.

and again when you. when you design sites to get people to purchase items for instance Amazon.com

and this is my fifth different and sizes and provide information a lot of the sights which are the government website

and sometimes that's that's what I was in archives also much more information now. but even then you

could provide provide more action based items like like borrow borrow a book

or look. I'll go into Internet radio and discuss the question to the library and stuff like that.

and use quality content from subject matter expert so we'll seven was the

most about what needs to go to the website you need to talk to them in designing a site

and have different people. periodically review review the

positive side. and again you know that if you Continental charity and have

people feel free to the site for grandma and you get the people who are not this

is it with your website to look at your site to see if there's anything that you might have missed.

this is Dean this is an example of difficult problems that are there in in

with website design. now these are the things that they're in the most up front page of those sites

you might have a campus for too a slight slide show to nine the news from ocean 's press releases and

let us in the President Bush which I don't know that and I did have any of the schools and

things like that. a lot of people look for in the size might be left a faculty phone number the name of that as soon and

you maybe looking for those are the address of the campus application Fong this is a potential student

's academic calendar [INAUDIBLE] information. our campus not that

I can actually use stuff like that and listing of courses. so what you're finding the website

and what you need to might be very different so one of the things you must think about is not designing

a website from a designer point of view. not because you have all the condiments you want to showcase but I think also up

front from the user point of view it what one of the kinds of things that you use might want to use the website

for and they are also economic considerations seems to do with

budget. that's the stuff time that you have for creation and

stuff time for maintaining so an in house versus outsourcing.

so all of these other various kind of consideration that you go and

and how's this is also outsourcing. so all of these are the various kinds

of considerations that you're going to thinking else that's design even

before you actually actually calling about really mapping it and this is just

a design consideration. that's true. why would you want to build design. how can you get the requirements from

users and one of the considerations in the design process

