[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
need for version control and how it works. so in this case up.

let's say that you're working in a team and you need to share your quote with other people

of your team and this quote could be CSS JavaScript order to be any that

program language that you might be working on. so I mean the possibilities

you could think of e-mailing them. if has attachments to and sending them off to people

or sneaker net is when you actually physically copy of it according to save Tom drives

and like you had driving it your past amount of people in in hard disk or cd ROMs and all that.

so. so that is one of you are physically transporting but what if there are two people

who might I did the same file it up at the same time. so so what do you like there are other

options in it. if you can take up maybe like cloud computing and foremost googled off a drop

box of these also have have limitation so there's no merging feature of stuff different

according drop off and again Google dot 's Department for court there's no option to highlight

syntax and so on. so these these solutions are not really I did any of these.

so when you think of who gets right. get to the version control system. and this is designed

for code. so it it helps you to control your source and and different

versions of the source code and tracks all the changes submitted and you can revert changes go back

to previous version and you also have the option to create branches that even

when you are working on something without really disturbing that you can create a branch and work on something

separately and then if it works about it then then you're could you could come come at your code at that

point. and also to tell you like if there are types of contracts and emerging.

so the question then comes in as to why you get one is because it's

it's the number one. version control system every almost everyone was was a programmer developer

of some sort of use is good. and also if you're working

the industry then you know that you know like you to to you with that. so the way

it works is that there is just to get to the version control system and then

remote server policy report the tree and every usaa maintains a local copy of

the entire deposit rate. hmmm. that that does

that looks of the remote server on your local computer is that you can maintain the local coffee

for the for the tree and so so what you do that. if you do not have get on your computer

you would need to install gets you can install the better come online versions which I use most

for developers but you can also install versions for instance for windows and

so let me show you a few things. so if one is that

they get tab is not the only version control system there are lots of version control system the number number one of

good health and there is get lab. bean stalk and

the celebration by Apache then of course come at Microsoft foundation server Mercurio

's CVS revision control concurrent version system. but [INAUDIBLE] it and so on. so there are lots

of version control systems and we're just talking about. get to because it's Heidi popular one.

so if you things to think also the first day that could have been thinking Tabitha 's website. when

you have you. this is the website gets .com and you can create an

account in this website and you can you can. this is the sense

of the remote remote repository for your code and you can also look at deposit freeze. by the people.

and then you can now. you can create local copies of that and

you can modify that and and then come today that I'm at your local repository

again and then pushed to that. so the remote remote repository so there things like that that you can use

where it is just a very very big deposit trio for all kinds of codes that there

so get the type of in control system that makes it easier to track changes to files.

so when you ready to file if you have determine exactly what change will change and why changed.

so there are a few things here.

so one is when you try to understand you can get help that are a few things out that I need

to be concerned about. one is your your working directory off. also

where you're working on so so that is your local file. and. so if you think of a bifurcation.

this [INAUDIBLE] in the area here is is is that your local computer. and as much for

the tree is a server that that is very much you know on your local computer

whatever file they're working on right now. those files are there that's called

your work space. okay. now from your workspace what you can do is that you

you might want to do today and take this file and get them to get them ready for putting in the repository

and this this place they've made it gets ready like so the idea of this ready

for that. you what you're kind of me getting them getting ready to be

to be put in a call in place. I can't answer every system is a call to get around

to send but it but think of the service out here you can do anything you want and then once once you think that this is kind

of nice and ready then you put it in the staging area and from the staging area then

and then you could come at you look for the tree. and so this is this is where you have a

local copy of your code and from the look for the tree. then you could actually

push it to the remote for the tree and then you can pull it back. so it's it's kind of different stages over here and gets

cleared has look at it. okay. so in this example here. what

what is being being shown here is better case. here you have a working copy

and from the smoking coffee. so so the connotation here is here

is that we can think of this as being in the staging area and from the staging area you could

then come at your code into your local repository and you could update

back from from the deposit for you as well. to work on it and then

from the support of the tree. you could push the code to the remote for the tree and and the full effect

of the this is one person working on computer the son of the person looking out of the computer this is the third person working on

it. so it all if you could then be sent simultaneously working on

your own local rep of the trees and and working on then and then and then come at this is just look at it for the trees

and then pushing it back to this and looked up straight. so I have a few other images

to explain this a bit more. so sure you have your working your area.

and then you have your your staging area. this is what does that as a staging

area and then you have your your repository when it deposited yet in reference to look it up of the

tree. so you think it adds come on to send your files on the working directories

out to the staging area and then you once you're ready to come between the rear have you. you'll find it works

well for you and then you're committed to that today your repository.

so this is another example image here. so here what which is what it shows is that

you have.

this is what you're working file. okay. and what these parts if you're working working directory and working

file. so initially nothing is tracked you are just working on it. then you could

put it to your staging area. can you use the add come on for it.

and then with them. once once you once you modify

something. so it's looking at it what is on the sitting you could you can modify it and then you could add it back to the

staging area as well. you could also remove something from the staging area if you if you think that that that's improper proper.

and once you're ready to come it then you you take care of it up. do you think if I was a

message in your area. and then you become attached to the local repository.

okay. and then you could you could get it back from the local repository as well and and

back to the staging area. so there are a few others here. again that the working directory staging

area we just did you get it was also call it up. city is called the index so so if that's

considered a chance to talk to him to five and then you have a local deposit

us will you do the ads commando we had to push it to death from the working directory to staging and then you do

a comment from the stage into that up on the tree and you can check out from you. deposited to your working directory

every time you want to want to work. so when you want to work from you know you could do a check out.

so this is the same age here shows the kids have .com which which is basically a remote repository

and then you could have your phone. again because all you could have all the local deposit freeze on your different computers

over here hi this is the such a complicated figure.

so here. what do you have is is a look so so you have your local

workspace are working directory have a staging area and then you have. uh-huh.

your local repository and then anymore deposit rate at that is it accessible over the Internet.

so initially doubt. you can initialize your workspace is this is college I

get tonight this is that the first time initializing it and you could you could clone and create

a copy of remote for the tree onto onto a local computer. when you do a good

loan and then you can give you out of the remote composite or you get a copy over here

and then you could pull from disappointed multiple of the tree. so so tell me

you're getting deleted up. latest updates on the file and you put

the fresh come on really good to get into that. look at wondering what to look at it for the tree and when

you're ready to commit your changes to the deposit or you could use the gets come it become it when you're not ready to come it

but you just want to stage if you could do that to get sad and from that ad is as well you can do a coming

in from the local republican you could use a push come on deposit with a remote repository and

you could check out from a local deposit creek using this command will be here all the all you could check out from

a debt from the staging area as well. so these are various commands that over there and they will get

it cleared up as you use them. and has a go through a few tutorials on this.

so this is one of the figures showing the same thing you're working directory a staging area. you look at it for the

Trinity but deposit receiving to get that and then you do get coming to make it fresh.

I need to check out from your local repository like to play from the remark about the tree and this whole thing is a local

deposits are just part of the market for that you were here.

so when you when you think of how to get in gets the first you could download

to catch using some come on an interface I could could get get help desktop for windows and mac

and uh and there are lots of common come on to some of them like starting on

your policy from scratch. so that they get in it. my rich is there. joining a reporter for

the trees you do a good cloning when you get from from from a remote server and you can

also check the status of a current project. there's also the concept of a branch. when you do hundred.

gets branch and and specify a branch name and what happens is that you do not want

to disturb the files that over there. just wanna try something else if you see if you do separate branch and then you

you try things out on that a branch so you could have different branches to

register as a look on your vehicle to check out up a particular branch and you could

check differences between various checkpoints that are lots of commands and

and get so you can get used to that. you can work on it

and it. if you install a call my name then you then you get like a local interface like this. and if you do things

like that and get and if you could give get in it so you could have your your local comments

out over here. so it works just like I need Linux or

UNIX commands see can do look here and if you just cancel it.

so. so get is an example of a busy version control system. so

let's see this is an error Jenny writes about just before a big release and that has a forward and

control the customer seems about a customer that happy but with the proper version control Jenny

pushes the changes that you know this is by the end of the changes coming up so this coming because it's not accepted

in the neck of the customer and I received about. so so that so that is where a version control system

is useful. so there's some get commands will tell some of these like that in a tad come

at bush. so and then for the interest rates

and you get your call between the current directory or you could create or refer the train

get help and when he went to update the report of the tree you have the ads come on

and just admit I decide to the staging area. then you

could come up to the local directory or you could push to the remote

directory here. so one of the changes are coming to your local directives and this can be updated

to your reporter for that you know. so your rest of the team and you know cannot access the changes

so whenever you are you're committing a message is typically you would add a message saying that

that what is it that you're doing. so whenever you if you can do a message

like okay. created I mean look at a time and control any of the config file whatever changes you make

during committing time you add to that so that people can see other people in the team can see one of the changes that

you're that you're making just let us come at all and that that your modified. if you would

get so it'll become useful later on when you want to see what exactly was changing in every

version that you committed. and when you once it once

you want to connect or deposit or you can fill in and get a copy of the entire trip of the tree

and you can connect to deposit for using the secure session has been issued if yes.

and when you'd pull they basically have your putting the most up to date copy from the survey because every time you want to

work on quote. you want to ensure you for the people have worked on it as well so when you put that

idea is to pull off and because you want to see that any changes that that other people that have

made you want to work on that changes first. I do not smoke in a separate copy after somebody has

a Missus you so you wanna check in the version that you're working on now is the latest version.

okay. this is again at some of the structure. and if you have with workspace.

this is did you get your index look it up on the twenty motive was a tree coming to the local repository.

yeah. okay at this using it in income at or you can push to the remote up on

the tree and then you can please some very much for that for you and you can fish to the local repository here. what

you could you could check out from the local republics please call you could check out from the devastation

gave you. okay so. so that is all about that I wanted to cover

and some of the few topics in this nation wide web design requirements gathering response web design

immobile for us to project management and version control

