[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
so when you think of information architecture one powerful technique

that comes to mind is card sorting which can be used both to design and to evaluate the

information architecture 's website. so basically when you think of information architecture what we're talking about

the deck of cards. this is three inches to five inches and maybe thirty two hundred cards and

you think of all possible turns the labels that you have a dog

and as a different content of the website so you put each one of them telling in one card each

and then you can do it in two ways one is that you could ask people to put those into different categories

and then come up with something different files different bunches and then come

up with some category to describe them and that is not as open card sorting

or you could have. give them categories beforehand and an awesome to put

the cars which they think fit. think would fit into the respective categories and there is an undisclosed card sorting

so these are two techniques to have anything to basically evaluate and

to design the architecture information access your website. so it's a powerful technique to find out how

other people in the group and label content of your website and then partisans on this topic in the categories

that make sense to them and to me also help you label these groups. so either some recent method

for discovering the latent structure in and on for a list of statements or ideas.

and then once you get it right. stations in a small index card and requests oh six a month

distance to sort these cards. so there are some people say six I'm at say four or you can get people

depending on your on the people that you have available even if you would want to do people would be useful. you know to to

get a pet friendly idea on how to organize the content honey website. so you

group them into groups of groups a couple of semesters and these people. the person 's work on their own

results of the individual source of income mind and if necessary analyzed statistically and the

benefits of that. the informants. a representative of the user population for home that I think it's convenient.

thing designs if that's the case and it is up to reflect the structure in which the use of expect ideas

or concepts. we should be presented. but if I do possible that you may not get the up person

or people from the. maybe I mean the operation all the time so even in those cases receiving useful

to get a friend or a colleague or family member to do the

consulting for you so that if you see what you have an idea of how anybody would be able to sort and

the categories make sense. this people or not. so this

is an example of close card. so in this case you have

different labels given beforehand and then you had to to do things that you're printed out and you asked the people to put

them into different categories it's what's up close custody

of the categories given beforehand hope in card sorting is the new venues of the group them and then write the categories

themselves. so there are other methods for improving information architecture.

here you have those some people who are who are quote questioning that

is close calls so I think you know and I'll do the technique and here

they have some close card settings and parts of the provided with cards that I do something written on them or pictures

of items for example if you're interested in how the grocery store is organized before a department with cards

such that. so just keep coming back et cetera so

then also but since it's on this call but if we determine categories you're fated so

one thing to say is that in between hope and card sorting through scouts or you can impose

open card sorting does not preach them in categories and participants are given cards and also watch them in a

way that makes sense to them. so the fundamental difference between the two as it is that

the open cuts or tries to capture them into the models of participants that is how they're structured information.

so this is a form of an exploratory study. but as in Echo closing the close car thought us more

for the type of validation research. so do you this message when you have an idea of how to use it was structured information.

so. so it's a kind of stuff. so it it is more of a very fine something

of validating the categories that have already come up with and what this author here is saying

is that there could be other techniques which which are equally useful on more useful than a close cut

first one of them is three two three testing the tree is like making navigation tree that you

have the because when you have like this is this is a form of a tree so this is

only we only see like one branch of it. so this is one of the else is taking the learning part

and then you opening that into into these categories over over here. so

when you have all of these out the things that are open up.

send us an example off the trees so when the user is looking for some information for for why the tree

structure then and then how would the user get to get to a

particular particular part of the trees and look for the content sides of the tree makes sense for the user

not so that is something that you look for him. entries testing. so if you somebody

sent to navigate all the fall of the computer. so you have any in this message is so full of nested within a computer

some that information architecture structure on a website. so then you see if I decide to find your photos from vacation

in Greece. so as far since click on any foliage correct information about how they never get your foot structure.

so in this case the tree test uses into an information operations today. and. residences

as nested elements of the point is to see if I didn't expect to find us that information

you know you expect extra structure. so this is dancing that's

information the three three testing gives you more information because it also gives you navigation information

rather than close concert where you're just putting information into various categories.

the downside is that it is a longer process takes more time for to design the test and also for the user to

look at that. go through that with the tree test. second technique is out.

this is an an example of tree test usability technique for evaluating defined ability of topic you

know website. so also known as reverse card sorting out a card based classification.

that again help you better defined ability of topics on the website you may have. I just describe it is with card

sorting the tree tested on a text based version of the websites without the influence of navigation aids or design

elements that the site now. so treated basic the structure of your website it doesn't

it doesn't list of of heading for example regarding website if you been dropped on flaws kids.

so the second technique is called a three second technique

is called first click testing. so here for slick is basically

this involves uploading a major screenshots catch anything in between us and the fastest way they would flick first

you know to to perform a toss in a grocery store example if it doesn't the possums

and a screen shot of an online grocery store and asked them to find a cucumber most parts of the like give me a conflict

click on a menu menu heading labeled produce. so it's like where would you click you know

to to get to where you need they need to get to the base in about a particular use case for instance

so where people are fixed first. so this technique also proves really useful if

if this is helping team gets unstuck and promising design decision. select card sorting

again this is a foster technique it takes very little time to do just like

some wind and to see where where user would click first and it's also an an efficient

technique so. so again the rent a different point of view about which which ones are good methods but thoughts

of thing has been very rightly use over the years and then you have other techniques like like three

test and and for the slick test. testing all of these up helping

the open card so it helps in creating the architecture website. and

if it was consulting and these of the other one's health and validating the definition that he'll come up with

